<h1>Ad Monetization Manager</h1>
<div>As we have experienced great first success with in-app advertising, we are ready to scale up the idea of ads as a monetization strategy. The goal is to maximize the impact of ad monetization with a clear strategy entailing constant optimization steps, structured test approaches and transparent reporting.<br /><br />Bring your ad monetization experience to the table as part of a small team with high visibility and big impact! As part of the Analytics &amp; Monetization area, you will work in a cross-functional setup and collaborate closely with our Game teams, Ad monetization Managers from our partner companies, Marketing and other teams to enhance the ad revenue stream.<br /><br /><strong>Your mission:</strong></div><ul><li><b>Manage &amp; optimize</b><span> </span>the advertising mediation layer by continuously reviewing and iterating our ad network and waterfall setup.</li><li><b>Connect &amp; negotiate.</b><span> </span>Build up a relationship with our ad network partners and close exciting deals that drive our advertising revenue.</li><li><b>Brainstorm &amp; pitch</b><span> </span>new advertising monetization opportunities, either by enhancing our existing video ad integrations or by pioneering new advertising integrations and platforms.</li><li><b>Define &amp; align</b><span> </span>project timelines together with Product Managers/ Game teams and Marketing.</li><li><b>Establish &amp; drive</b><span> </span>a structured testing approach of our ad integrations that ensure continuous improvement.</li><li><b>Monitor &amp; analyze</b><span> </span>our ad performance: derive essential patterns and trends. Observe ad quality and preserve integrity by preventing problematic content.</li><li><b>Learn &amp; adapt<span> </span></b>by collecting best practices and inspirations from exchange with our peers in the MTG group, the market, conferences etc. Foster and enrich our company's understanding of ad monetization.</li></ul><div><strong>Your skill set:</strong></div><ul><li><b>Professional experience.<span> </span></b>You have worked for more than 2 years in ad monetization optimization, preferably in the gaming/ free-to-play sector and have experience in working with an ad mediation platform.</li><li><b>Knowledge.<span> </span></b>You have an in-depth understanding of the ad network/DSP/SSP landscape.</li><li><b>Enthusiasm.<span> </span></b>You are enthusiastic about drafting tailored implementations that fit our game’s audience.</li><li><b>Effective Project Management</b>. You are responsible for managing multiple topics and stakeholders across different teams, clarifying tasks and timelines, and keeping track of them.</li><li><b>A data-driven mindset</b>. You can transform numbers into actionable next steps. You know how to crunch data with Excel. Ideally, you have visualization experience in PowerBI.</li><li><b>Communication Skills.</b><span> </span>You have a concise written and verbal communication style, and your compelling presentations thrill your target audience.</li><li>You are<span> </span><b>dedicated and work independently</b><span> </span>and with a practical approach. You enjoy working in a dynamic environment and you are a<span> </span><b>true team player.</b></li></ul><div><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></div><ul><li><b>Career opportunities.<span> </span></b>Level up as an Ad Monetization Manager with excellent training and development opportunities, such as online trainings, InnoVersity and conferences.</li><li><b>Compensation &amp; Fair Play</b>. We have career models as well as market-competitive salary grids in place that ensure that we treat our employees fairly. For this regular-level position, the salary range is between € 55.200 - 72.000 gross. Your seniority level (junior, regular, senior) will be evaluated during the interview process. The salary ranges for other seniority levels differ.</li><li><b>Outstanding benefits.<span> </span></b>Get 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><b>Flexible working hours.<span> </span></b>We offer trust-based working hours as well as active breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><b>Hybrid Working Model.<span> </span></b>We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together at the office during our<span> </span><a target="_blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgfErq-FwnE">Office Days</a>, we keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</li><li><b>Team of specialists.<span> </span></b>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><b>Solution orientation.<span> </span></b>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><b>Creative processes.</b><span> </span>Feel comfortable in an atmosphere that empowers creative thinking and strong results</li><li><b>Dynamic people.</b><span> </span>Work in an agile multicultural team – enabling you and your team to form and actively optimize work processes</li><li><b>English first.</b><span> </span>Our company language is English, and we support all our employees and their partners with optional German lessons</li><li><b>Team events.<span> </span></b>Participate in regular team events (e.g., wine tasting, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><b>Food &amp; drinks.<span> </span></b>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><b>Relocation assistance.<span> </span></b>If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg, we will help you relocate to Hamburg regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><b>Comfy and modern offices.</b><span> </span>Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span> </span><a target="_blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&amp;feature=youtu.be">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><br /><strong>Our story:</strong><b><br /></b><br />Hamburg-based InnoGames is Germany's leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games and a certified Great Place to Work®. The climate-neutral company, which is part of Modern Times Group (MTG), was established in 2003 and is still run by its founders. Together with a 400+ strong team from over 40 nations they create unique games that provide millions of players from around the world with years of fun.<br /><br />While InnoGames is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars, the company is continuously expanding its portfolio across genres and platforms. The most recent additions are Rise of Cultures and Sunrise Village, which saw successful commercial launches in early 2022.<br /><br />In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<br /><br />Are you excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <b>Ad Monetization Manager</b>? We look forward to receiving your application documents through our online application form. <b>Selena Ricciuti</b> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/osMUlfwd/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/ad-monetization-manager/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>