<h1>Ad Monetization Manager (m/w/d)</h1>
<p>As we have experienced great first success with in-app advertising, we are ready to scale up the idea of ads as a monetization strategy.&nbsp;The goal is to maximize the impact of &nbsp;<span>ad monetization</span><span>&nbsp;</span>with a clear strategy entailing constant optimization steps, structured test approaches and transparent reporting.</p><p>Bring your ad monetization experience to the table as part of a small team with high visibility and big impact! As part of the Analytics &amp; Monetization area, you will work in a cross-functional setup and collaborate closely with our Game teams, Ad monetization Managers from our partner companies, Marketing and other teams to enhance the ad revenue stream.</p><p><span><strong>Your mission:&nbsp;</strong></span></p><ul><li><strong>Manage<span>&nbsp;</span></strong><strong>&amp;</strong><strong><span>&nbsp;</span>optimize</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>the advertising mediation layer by continuously reviewing and iterating our ad network and waterfall setup.</li><li><strong>Connect &amp; negotiate.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>Build up a relationship with our ad network partners and close exciting deals that drive our advertising revenue.</li><li><strong>Brainstorm &amp; pitch</strong>&nbsp;new advertising monetization opportunities, either by enhancing our existing video ad integrations or by pioneering new advertising integrations and platforms.</li><li><strong>Define &amp; align</strong>&nbsp;project timelines together with Product Managers/ Game teams and Marketing.</li><li><strong>Establish &amp; drive</strong>&nbsp;a structured testing approach of our ad integrations that ensure continuous improvement.</li><li><strong>Monitor &amp; analyze</strong>&nbsp;our ad performance: derive essential patterns and trends. Observe ad quality and preserve integrity by preventing problematic content.</li><li><strong>Learn &amp; adapt&nbsp;</strong>by collecting best practices and inspirations from exchange with our peers in the MTG group, the market, conferences etc. Foster and enrich our company's understanding of ad monetization.</li></ul><p><span><strong>Your skill set:</strong></span></p><ul><li><strong>Professional experience.<span>&nbsp;</span></strong>You have worked for more than 2 years in ad monetization optimization, preferably in the gaming/ free-to-play sector and have experience in working with an ad mediation platform.</li><li><strong>Knowledge.<span>&nbsp;</span></strong>You have an in-depth understanding of the ad network/DSP/SSP landscape.&nbsp;</li><li><strong>Enthusiasm.<span>&nbsp;</span></strong>You are enthusiastic about drafting tailored implementations that fit our game&rsquo;s audience.</li><li><strong>Effective Project Management</strong>. You are responsible for managing multiple topics and stakeholders across different teams, clarifying tasks and timelines, and keeping track of them.</li><li><strong>A</strong><strong><span>&nbsp;</span>data-driven mindset</strong>. You can transform numbers into actionable next steps.<span>&nbsp;</span><span>You know how to crunch data with Excel. Ideally, you have visualization experience in PowerBI.</span></li><li><strong>Communication Skills.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>You have a concise written and verbal communication style, and your compelling presentations thrill your target audience.</li><li>You are<span>&nbsp;</span><strong>dedicated and work independently</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>and with a practical approach. You enjoy working in a dynamic environment and you are a<span>&nbsp;</span><strong>true team player.</strong></li></ul><p><span><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></span></p><ul><li><strong>Career opportunities.&nbsp;</strong><span>Level up as an&nbsp;Ad Monetization Manager</span>&nbsp;with excellent training and development opportunities, such as online trainings, InnoVersity and conferences.</li><li><strong>Compensation &amp; Fair Play</strong><span>. We have career models as well as market-competitive salary grids in place that ensure that we treat our employees fairly. For this regular</span><span>-level position, the salary range is between </span>&euro; 55.200-72.000<span>&nbsp;gross. Your seniority level (junior, regular, senior) will be evaluated during the interview process. The salary ranges for other seniority levels differ.</span></li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits.&nbsp;</strong>Get 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours.&nbsp;</strong>We offer&nbsp;trust-based working hours as well as active breaks -&nbsp;play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong><span>Hybrid Working Model.<span>&nbsp;</span></span></strong><span>We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together at the office during our<span>&nbsp;</span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgfErq-FwnE" rel="nofollow">Office Days</a>, we keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</span></li><li><strong>Team of specialists.&nbsp;</strong>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><strong>Solution orientation.&nbsp;</strong>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><strong>Creative processes.</strong>&nbsp;Feel comfortable in an atmosphere that empowers creative thinking and strong results</li><li><strong>Dynamic people.</strong>&nbsp;Work in an agile multicultural team &ndash; enabling you and your team to form and actively optimize work processes</li><li><strong>English first.</strong>&nbsp;Our company language is English, and we support all our employees and their partners with optional German lessons</li><li><strong>Team events.&nbsp;</strong>Participate in regular team events (e.g., wine tasting, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>Food &amp; drinks.&nbsp;</strong>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.&nbsp;</strong>If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg, we will help you relocate to Hamburg regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><strong>Comfy and modern offices.</strong>&nbsp;Learn more about our charms and benefits in our&nbsp;<span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&amp;feature=youtu.be" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a></span>.</li></ul>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/osMUlfwd/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/ad-monetization-manager-m-w-d-/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>