<h1>ClickHouse Administrator</h1>
<p><span>You will be responsible for our metrics systems based on ClickHouse, carbon-clickhouse and Grafana. You will work together with experienced Admins and get the opportunity to expand your knowledge to ELK, Hadoop and other databases. </span><span>We love to know every corner of our systems and most of them are on our own hardware in datacenters in Hamburg.</span></p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Set up and maintain databases including replication, sharding and load balancing</li><li>Monitor database load and size</li><li>Help your colleagues to optimize queries and finding the best way to store their data</li><li>Dig deep into complex problems and analyze the root cause from the OS I/O-system to the database code</li></ul><p><strong>Your skill set:</strong></p><ul><li>In depths knowledge of at least one database technology, preferable a non relational system like Hadoop, Elasticsearch, ClickHouse, or similar</li><li>Eager to learn new technologies</li><li>Professional experience administering *nix systems </li><li>Comfortable with using various command line tools e.g. (d|net|vm|io)?stat</li><li>Proficient in at least one scripting language</li><li>Open and friendly communication style</li><li>Good English skills</li></ul><p><strong>Our technologies:</strong></p><ul><li>Hadoop, Kafka, Flink</li><li>ClickHouse, Graphite, Grafana</li><li>ELK stack</li><li>MySQL (Percona), PostgreSQL, Redis, RabbitMQ</li><li>KVM, LVM, Debian, Puppet</li><li>nginx, Tomcat, Jetty, Django</li><li>Python, Java, PHP, Go</li><li>git, Jenkins, Maven, Docker</li><li>Slack, Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Gitlab</li></ul><p><strong>Your power-ups</strong>:</p><ul><li><strong>Career development.</strong> Our career model is set up equally for an expert in a technical career or a management path.<strong style="text-align: left;"></strong></li><li><strong style="text-align: left;">Compensation & Fair Play</strong><span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">. We have career models as well as market-competitive salary grids in place that ensure that we treat our employees fairly. For this regular</span><span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">-level position, the salary range is between € 57.500 - 75.000 </span><span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">gross. Your seniority level (junior, regular, senior) will be evaluated during the interview process. The salary ranges for other seniority levels differ.</span><strong></strong></li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits.</strong><span> Get </span>28 days of vacation, sabbatical options, a contribution to your public transportation ticket and much more.<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);"></span></li><li><strong>Technical equipment.</strong> Choose your preferred device (Linux, Mac or even Windows) for your comfortable workplace</li><li><strong>Empowerment and support.<span> </span></strong>We will actively support your further development and give you all needed resources to evaluate new technologies, participate in open source communities or improve your soft skills.<strong></strong></li><li><strong>Show your code.<span> </span></strong>Opportunities to make your code open source and show your achievements at international conferences.<strong></strong></li><li><span><strong>Relocation & team events. </strong></span>Benefits like relocation support, company gym, smartphone or tablet, company bikes, rooftop terrace with BBQ and much more…</li><li><strong>Team of specialists.<span> </span></strong>Be part of a great team in an international environment in a healthy and stable growing company.</li><li><strong>Check it out.</strong><span> </span>You can find some of our code here:<span> </span><a href="https://github.com/innogames" rel="nofollow"><a target="url" href="https://github.com/innogames">https://github.com/innogames</a></a></li><li><strong>Have a look.<span> </span></strong>Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span> </span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&feature=youtu.be" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a><span>.</span><strong style="text-align: left;"></strong></li></ul><p><strong><br />Our story:</strong></p>Hamburg-based InnoGames is Germany's leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games and a certified Great Place to Work®. The climate-neutral company, which is part of Modern Times Group (MTG), was established in 2003 and is still run by its founders. Together with a 400+ strong team from over 40 nations they create unique games that provide millions of players from around the world with years of fun.<br />While InnoGames is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars, the company is continuously expanding its portfolio across genres and platforms. The most recent additions are Rise of Cultures and Sunrise Village, which saw successful commercial launches in early 2022.<br />In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<br /><p><span>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>ClickHouse Administrator</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Selena Ricciuti</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/ouqhjfwe/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/clickhouse-administrator/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>