<h1>Data Scientist</h1>
<p><em>Data is our most important resource and foundation of our actions: Help us shape, explore and utilize data from millions of players and events every day!</em><br /><br />We are looking for an experienced <strong>Data Scientist</strong> to enhance our Analytics team. The Analytics department at InnoGames combines data enthusiasts from different backgrounds (product and marketing analysts, market researchers and data scientists) with one vision: we provide the whole data story of our games to enable the best data driven decisions. With your experience in statistical methods and applied computer science, you contribute to our data-driven mindset by drawing fact-based conclusions as well as developing machine learning algorithms that make our work more efficient and easier.<br /><br /></p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Move beyond the ‘AI’ buzzword!</strong> Draft machine learning solutions for various use cases such as churn prediction, Marketing attribution or outlier prediction. Experience the rewarding feeling when your model is put in practise and improves the in-game journey of millions of players.</li><li><strong>Understand our players!</strong> Create quantitative models from scratch to predict and evaluate the user behaviour.</li><li><strong>Find the competitive edge!</strong> Evaluate A/B tests and multivariate tests as a basis for important and risky product decisions.</li><li><strong>Consult our business stakeholders!</strong> By digging deep into our billions of data points you transform data into meaningful insights. And there is a lot behind that: you translate complex patterns to concise explanations, visualize your findings in a compelling way, abstract your results to broader patterns and connect them with previous findings, existing theories, and stakeholder expectations.</li><li><strong>Make the difference!</strong> We never just “pull data” - our results allow to track impact, solve a problem, decide on an alternative or improve our products/business. Your opinion matters and stakeholders ranging from Creatives to Product Managers to Top Management are eager to hear it.</li><li><strong>Team up!</strong> Plan and coordinate projects across different departments by closely collaborating with tech and business departments to achieve solutions with a visible impact for the company.</li><li><strong>Learn & innovate!</strong> Data Science is a fast-moving field and we want you to be up to date. Our big data playground contains tons of data waiting for you to analyse them and try out new methods and approaches.<strong></strong></li></ul><strong><br />Your skill set:</strong><br /><ul><li><strong>Theoretical background.</strong> An University degree with a statistical/mathematical focus (e.g. mathematics, data science, IT, social sciences, psychology).</li><li><strong>Professional experience.</strong> Professional experience of at least 2 years in the field of Analytics (in addition to your academical career).</li><li><strong>Tools.</strong> Profound knowledge of Python/R and SQL.</li><li><strong>Expertise.</strong> Advanced experience in the application of machine learning algorithms and data mining methods from concept to production.</li><li><strong>Analytical mindset.</strong> Data-driven mindset and distinct analytical thinking.</li><li><strong>Team Player.</strong> You are a team player and worked in a cross-functional set up already.</li><li><strong>Communication skills.</strong> You communicate confidently in English and have overall good communication and presentation skills.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong><span> </span>Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring and peer support.</li><li><strong style="text-align: left;">Compensation & Fair Play</strong><span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">. We have career models as well as market-competitive salary grids in place that ensure that we treat our employees fairly. For this </span>regular<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">-level position, the salary range is between €</span> 55.200 - 72.000<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);"> gross. Your seniority level (junior, regular, senior) will be evaluated during the interview process. The salary ranges for other seniority levels differ.</span></li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits.</strong><span> </span>Get 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours.</strong><span> </span>We offer trust-based working hours as well as active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong></strong><strong>Hybrid Working Model</strong>. We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we make sure to keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</li><li><strong>Team of specialists.</strong><span> </span>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><strong>Solution orientation.</strong><span> </span>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li><strong>Team events.</strong><span> </span>Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>Food & drinks.</strong><span> </span>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.</strong><span> </span>If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg, we will help you relocate to Hamburg regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><span><strong>Comfy offices.</strong></span><span> </span>Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span> </span><span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&feature=youtu.be" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a>.</span></li></ul><br /><strong>Our story:<br /><br /></strong><span>Hamburg-based InnoGames is Germany's leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games and a certified Great Place to Work®. The climate-neutral company, which is part of Modern Times Group (MTG), was established in 2003 and is still run by its founders. Together with a 400+ strong team from over 40 nations they create unique games that provide millions of players from around the world with years of fun.<br />While InnoGames is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars, the company is continuously expanding its portfolio across genres and platforms. The most recent additions are Rise of Cultures and Sunrise Village, which saw successful commercial launches in early 2022.<br />In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<br /><br /></span>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>Data Scientist</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <b>Isabella Dettlaff</b> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oKrUgfw5/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/data-scientist/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>