<h1>Data Engineer Base Technologies (for DevOps)</h1>
<p>You are a data analyst/scientist and you want to develop a deep understanding of the infrastructure behind Big Data systems? We are offering a cross-functional position where you can use your existing data processing skills and become the driving force behind the operation and further development of our data infrastructure. <br /><br />You will be part of our System Administration department and work very closely with our data engineers and scientist to design and implement architecture changes for our Big Data systems. Our experienced system administrators will introduce you to our infrastructure. Once you are familiar with our data ecosystem, Puppet setup, Serveradmin and our operational structure you will take over the responsibility for our Big Data infrastructure step by step.<br /><br />With our data architecture we are processing more than 1,000,000,000 game interaction events day by day. Our Hadoop cluster works on 1,500 CPUs, 5 TB Memory, 1 PB of disk space.</p><p><strong><br />Your profile:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><ul><li>Some years professional experience as a Data Analyst, Scientist or Engineer</li><li>You understand distributed systems (e.g. CAP, Kappa, Lambda) and the interactions happening in the background (e.g. rebalancing)</li><li>You know stream processing, Data integration and processing (ETL) and can analyze and optimize SQL queries</li><li>Professional experience in Java and a Scripting language, ideally Python</li><li>Open and friendly communication style and very good English skills</li><li>You know your way around a Linux command line</li><li>Knowledge in server hardware and ideally a configuration management tool ( like Puppet, Chef or Ansible) would be a huge plus</li></ul><p><strong><br /></strong><strong>Your mission:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><ul><li>Work together with our Data Engineers and Data Scientists</li><li>Discuss and implement new technologies</li><li>Maintain the systems, update, monitor, and debug them</li><li>Automate and improve the environment</li></ul><p><strong><br />Our technologies:</strong></p><ul><li>The Hadoop ecosystem (HDFS, Hive, Impala, Spark)</li><li>Stream processing (Kafka, Flink)</li><li>Custom data applications with Java, PHP and go</li><li>Jenkins for job scheduling and build processes</li><li>Debian and Puppet for configuration management</li><li>Supported by Nagios, Graphite, Grafana and Serveradmin</li></ul><p><strong><br />Why join us?</strong></p><ul><li>Be part of a great team in an international environment in a healthy and stable growing company</li><li>Choose your preferred device (Linux, Mac or even Windows) for your comfortable workplace</li><li>We will actively support your further development and give you all needed resources to evaluate new technologies, participate in open source communities or improve your soft skills</li><li>Competitive compensation and an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li>Exceptional benefits ranging from flawless relocation support to company gym, smartphone or tablet of your own choice for personal use, roof terrace with BBQ and much more</li></ul><p><br />Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>Data Engineer Base Technologies (for DevOps)</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Isabella Dettlaff</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br />InnoGames, based in Hamburg, is one of the leading developers and publishers of online games with more than 200 million registered players around the world. Currently, more than 400 people from 30 nations are working in the Hamburg-based headquarters. We have been characterized by dynamic growth ever since the company was founded in 2007. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job//oBbK8fwo/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/data-engineer-base-technologies-for-devops-/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>