<h1>Data Warehouse Engineer</h1>
<p>Join our agile, cross-functional engineering team to push forward InnoGames&rsquo; data-driven success story. You will work on large-scale ETL processes in our Hadoop ecosystem and our SQL Server-based Business Intelligence environment with the goal of making our data accessible for the whole company.</p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Create, run and maintain ETL jobs to process nearly 2,000,000,000 daily events from our various data providing systems like games, payment and marketing tools.</li><li>Scale and further develop our Hadoop-based data warehouse in close collaboration with our Data Mining team using HiveQL and modern Big Data technologies like Airflow, Superset, Tez and more.</li><li>Extend and maintain our Microsoft SQL Server based Business Intelligence environment using Integration Services (SSIS).</li><li>Provide company-wide self-service access to our data with the help of Power BI, Reporting and Analysis Service.</li></ul><p><strong>Your skill set</strong></p><ul><li>You have completed your training as an IT specialist, a university degree in computer science, or an equivalent qualification.</li><li>You have profound knowledge of relational databases, ideally with SQL Server.</li><li>You have very good knowledge of SQL (preferably T-SQL or HiveQL) and enjoy working with large amounts of structured and unstructured data.</li><li>Your basic knowledge of SSIS, SSAS and SSRS and multidimensional databases is a plus.</li><li>As the perfect candidate, you have already gained some experience with Big Data technologies, especially with the Hadoop ecosystem (e.g. Hive, Airflow, Tez) regardless of if it's Apache, Cloudera, or Azure HDInsights.&nbsp; &nbsp;</li><li>Basic knowledge of Python or a desire to learn it is a plus.</li><li>You have the desire to learn new technologies and have the confidence to share these with the team.</li><li>You like to share a good laugh with your colleagues.</li><li><span>Your excellent&nbsp;</span><span>English language skills complete your profile</span><span>.</span><span>&nbsp;</span><span>You are open-minded, confident working in a multicultural environment&nbsp;and eager to use your English skills every day.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><span><strong>Hybrid working model</strong></span>.&nbsp;<span>We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we make sure to keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</span></li><li><span><strong>Flexible working hours</strong>.</span><span>&nbsp;</span>We offer trust-based working hours as well as active breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><span><strong>Equipment delivery</strong>.</span><span>&nbsp;</span>If you are interested in remote work, we will send all the needed equipment to your home office.</li><li><span><strong>Relocation assistance</strong>.</span><span>&nbsp;</span>If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><span><strong>Team of specialists</strong></span>. Shape the success story of InnoGames with a great team of driven experts in an international culture.</li><li><span><strong>Dynamic people</strong>.</span><span>&nbsp;</span>Work as part of an agile multicultural team &ndash; enabling you and your team to form and actively optimize work processes.</li><li><span><strong>Creative processes.</strong></span><span>&nbsp;</span>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><span><strong>Team events</strong>.</span><span>&nbsp;</span>Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><span><strong>English first</strong>.</span><span>&nbsp;</span>Our company language is English, and we support all our employees and their partners with optional German lessons.</li><li><span><strong>Outstanding remuneration</strong></span>. We are offering competitive compensation &amp; exceptional benefits, ranging from a company gym to a smartphone/tablet of your own choice for personal use.</li><li><span><strong>Career opportunities</strong></span>. We actively support personal development, pay for any necessary textbooks as well as sending you to conferences.</li><li><span><strong>Transportation support</strong>.</span><span>&nbsp;</span>We contribute to your public transport ticket and subsidize contributions to the company pension plan.</li><li><span><strong>Food &amp; drinks</strong>.</span><span>&nbsp;</span>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and wellbeing; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><span><strong>Comfy offices</strong></span>. Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span>&nbsp;</span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><p><strong><br /></strong><strong>Our story:<br /></strong></p><p>InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. To further expand our success and realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a<span><strong>&nbsp;Data Warehouse Engineer</strong></span>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form.&nbsp;<span><strong>Hannah Gutjahr</strong></span><span>&nbsp;</span>would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br /><span><strong>Apply and #stayhome!</strong></span>&nbsp;Due to the&nbsp;<span><strong>coronavirus</strong></span>&nbsp;outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into<span>&nbsp;</span><strong><span>a fully virtual one</span>.</strong>&nbsp;When hiring, we are also open for our new team members to start their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly. Stay home and safe!</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oeOSffwT/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/data-warehouse-engineer/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>