<h1>Expert / Senior Unity Game Developer - New Mobile Game (unannounced project)</h1>
<p><span>Our team is currently developing a new yet unannounced F2P mobile game.<br /></span><span>T</span><span>o expand the workforce of our project team working on this new game and to share even more knowledge about Unity3D best practices team-internally, we are currently open to hire an experienced Senior Unity Game Developer:</span></p><p><span>As an <strong>Expert / Senior Unity Developer</strong>, you will instance best practices using Unity3D to develop a new state-of-the-art mobile game.<br /></span><span>You will group up with our agile and international team consisting of (so far) 4 Fullstack Developers experienced in creating mobile games based on Unity3D/C# in connection to a Java-based server-side.<br /></span></p><p>We want to highlight explicitly that you<span> </span><u>can</u>, but you<span> </span><u>will not need</u><span> </span>to take over managerial responsibility in the future due to your technical seniority.<br />Suppose you feel most convenient by working hands-on code instead of taking over leadership responsibilities. In that case, our team will encourage you to develop into an expert role focusing only on the technical challenges of developing a mobile game. </p><p><br /><br /><strong></strong><strong>Your mission:</strong><strong> </strong></p><ul><li><strong>Apply your expertise.</strong> Use your knowledge about Unity3D &amp; Mobile Game Development to bring our emerging game production to the next level.</li><li><strong>Improve our mobile game.</strong><span> Develop, refine &amp; optimize the existing mobile application</span> based on Unity3D/C#.</li><li><strong>Think outside the box.</strong><span> </span>Foster our team's culture of knowledge sharing, best practices, and high-level standards.</li><li><strong>Find technical solutions.</strong><span> </span>Support the creation of tools and workflows to optimize the interdisciplinary work of our team.</li><li><span><strong>Collaborate with experts.</strong> Closely i</span>nteract with different<span> </span><span>departments</span> &amp; disciplines (e.g., Art, Game Design, Product Management)<span> </span><span>and build a great gaming experience for our players.</span></li><li><strong>Make it work. </strong><span>Ensure high product quality by applying automated tests and collaborating with all of our Developers, including our QA Engineers.</span></li></ul><p><strong><br /><br />Your skill set:</strong></p><ul><li><span><strong>Unity3D expertise. </strong>You know your way around Unity3D's features based on your previous experience working as a Principal Software Engineer/Senior Software Developer.</span></li><li><span><strong>Mobile Game Developer.</strong> You are passionate about developing (F2P) mobile games and professionally experienced working in a relevant Game Development environment for multiple years.</span></li><li><span><strong>Software Engineering professional.</strong> You are used to applying MV* patterns, advanced object-oriented programming, and Dependency Injections to your projects.</span></li><li><span><strong>High-quality focus.<span> </span></strong>You feel responsible for the quality of your implementation/feature, are comfortable adding automated tests, and are experienced in debugging &amp; profiling code.</span></li><li><span><strong>Communicative team player.</strong> You are eager to share your technical knowledge, love to give &amp; take feedback, discuss solutions in a team, and coach your peers.</span></li><li><span><strong>Open-minded.</strong> You are confident collaborating in a multicultural environment with a diverse team using English as a preferred language.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Bonus points:</strong></p><ul><li><span><strong>Full-Stack mindset.<span> </span></strong>You are not only well-versed in developing the mobile client but also knowledgeable about complex back-end infrastructure, working with CI-/CD-pipelines, e.g. based on Jenkins.</span></li><li><strong>Something new, every day.</strong><span> </span>You are following &amp; reflecting on the latest Unity features, and you are self-driven to learn &amp; improve continuously.</li><li><strong>Shine on stage.</strong><span> </span>You are used to presenting your knowledge to a broader audience, and you like to represent your projects/your team at fairs &amp; conferences.</li></ul><p><strong><br /><br />Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Team of specialists.</strong><span> </span>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong><span> </span>Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring, and peer support.</li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits.</strong><span> </span>Get competitive compensation as well as 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours.</strong><span> </span>We offer trust-based working hours and active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong>Hybrid Working Model</strong>. We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</li><li><strong>Solution orientation.</strong><span> </span>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><strong>Team events.</strong><span> </span>Participate in regular (virtual) team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>Food &amp; drinks.</strong><span> </span>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.</strong><span> </span>If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><span><strong>Comfy offices.</strong></span><span> </span>Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span> </span><span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&amp;feature=youtu.be" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a>.</span></li></ul><p><strong><br /><br />Our story:</strong></p><p>InnoGames is Germany's leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar, and Tribal Wars. InnoGames' complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years.<br />To further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p><p><span>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as <strong>Expert/Senior Unity Game Developer</strong>?<br /></span><span>We look forward to receiving your application documents through our online application form. <strong>Maximilian Kaeding</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br /></span></p><p><span>Apply and</span><strong><span> </span>#stayhome!<span><br /></span></strong><span>Due to the</span><strong><span> </span>coronavirus<span> </span></strong><span>outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into</span><strong><span> </span>a fully virtual one.<span><br /></span></strong><span>When hiring, we are also open for our new team members starting their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly.</span><br /><span>Stay home and safe!</span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/otqbhfw5/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/expert-senior-unity-game-developer-new-mobile-game-unannounced-project-/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>