<h1>Full-Stack Software Engineer - Corporate Backend Systems</h1>
<p><span>As a&nbsp;</span><strong>Full-Stack Software Engineer</strong><span>&nbsp;you will join our agile, cross-functional team to advance the development of our next-generation CRM tool and contribute with your interest in innovative software architecture and knowledge of object-oriented programming in Java.&nbsp;</span><span>Together as a team, we are proud to early adopt new features and always strive for innovations in products and technologies.</span></p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li><strong><span>Develop customized solutions.</span>&nbsp;</strong>Work closely with our stakeholders to shape and design our CRM tool to improve the gaming experience of our players by providing advice and offers.</li><li><strong>Automate our systems.<span>&nbsp;</span></strong>Help us automating manual processes with the ultimate goal of providing AI into our CRM experience.</li><li><strong>Share your expertise.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>Group up with our team of Software Developers to bring best practices to life while also helping to develop more junior members of the team.</li><li><strong>Innovate.</strong>&nbsp;Continuously improve our backend services based on your knowledge of software architecture &amp; code quality.</li><li><strong>Connect.</strong><span> Improve an in-house application by connecting our Software with Big Data and Streaming services to fit the needs of our gaming-specific environment</span>.</li><li><strong>Develop yourself.</strong> <span>Spend time on personal development &amp; profit from various conferences, both in-house &amp; external.</span></li></ul><p><strong>Your skill set</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Professional experience.</strong>&nbsp;You have worked for several years in a professional Software Development team.</li><li><strong>Theoretical understanding.</strong> <span>You have completed your training as an IT specialist, a university degree in computer science, or an equivalent qualification.</span></li><li><strong>Programming expertise.<span>&nbsp;</span></strong>You are using object-oriented programming in Java &amp; you are open to using other programming languages/paradigms such as Go.</li><li><strong>Full-stack development.&nbsp;</strong>Although you are a backend geek, you also like to work on the frontend side using JS frameworks, preferably React.</li><li><strong>Engineer by heart.&nbsp;</strong>You feel at home in software development with Spring, the UNIX command line, and comfortable using SQL, Git, and Continuous Delivery.</li><li><strong>Quality-oriented mindset.&nbsp;</strong>You are applying various methods in software design &amp; automated testing to guarantee code quality in compliance with the company standards.</li><li><strong>Passionate.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>You are interested in business processes, the product you create, and state-of-the-art technology.</li><li><strong>Team player.</strong>&nbsp;You have excellent communication skills, and you are willing to embrace our company culture &amp; values.</li></ul><p><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Hybrid working model</strong>. Our company adapted to a hybrid working model, offering remote work even after the COVID limitations are gone.</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours</strong>.&nbsp;We offer trust-based working hours and active breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong>Equipment delivery</strong>.&nbsp;If you are interested in remote work, we will send all the needed equipment to your home office.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance</strong>.&nbsp;If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><strong>Team of specialists</strong>. Shape the success story of InnoGames with a great team of driven experts in an international culture.</li><li><strong>Dynamic people</strong>.&nbsp;Work as part of an agile multicultural team &ndash; enabling you and your team to form and actively optimize work processes.</li><li><strong>Creative processes.</strong>&nbsp;We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><strong>Team events</strong>.&nbsp;Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>English first</strong>.&nbsp;Our company language is English, and we support all our employees and their partners with optional German lessons.</li><li><strong>Outstanding remuneration</strong>. We are offering competitive compensation &amp; exceptional benefits, ranging from a company gym to a smartphone/tablet of your own choice for personal use.</li><li><strong>Career opportunities</strong>. We actively support personal development, pay for any necessary textbooks as well as sending you to conferences.</li><li><strong>Transportation support</strong>.&nbsp;We contribute to your public transport ticket and subsidize contributions to the company pension plan.</li><li><strong>Food &amp; drinks</strong>.&nbsp;We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and wellbeing; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><span><strong>Comfy offices</strong></span>. Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span>&nbsp;</span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><p><strong><br /></strong><strong>Our story:<br /></strong></p><p>InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /><br />Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<br /><br />Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a<strong>&nbsp;Software Developer</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application through our online application form.&nbsp;<strong>Maximilian Kaeding</strong>&nbsp;would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br /><span><strong>Apply and #stayhome!</strong></span>&nbsp;Due to the&nbsp;<span><strong>coronavirus</strong></span>&nbsp;outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into<span>&nbsp;</span><strong><span>a fully virtual one</span>.</strong>&nbsp;When hiring, we are also open for our new team members to start their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly. Stay home and safe!</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/on5Dgfw5/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/full-stack-software-engineer-corporate-backend-systems/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>