<h1>IT Administrator - Office IT</h1>
<p>As<strong><span> </span>IT Administrator - Office IT </strong>for our Help Desk<strong>,</strong> you support our employees in all hard- and software technical matters and ensure the operation of our infrastructure, systems, and services. Besides maintenance, you are also responsible for implementing new solutions and expanding our current IT infrastructure. Together with your team members, you create and maintain our broad IT infrastructure to help make great games for our players.</p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Assist our 400+ employees with their computers (Windows, MacOS, Linux) and mobile devices (iOS and Android) and keep them happy with their IT, both in Home Office and the Office. For this office presence for local support is mandatory 4 days/week </li><li>Support in operation and maintenance of hard- and software as well as related infrastructure</li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Ensure the operability of the client and user infrastructure in a Windows and MacOS environment using different management tools <br /></span></li><li>Implement solutions for new requirements in the existing infrastructure and expand the possible areas of application</li><li><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Diagnose problems in our network infrastructure (LAN, WiFi)</span></li><li>Work with and expand the possible uses of our multimedia setup in our event space and the meeting rooms at the office</li></ul><p><strong>Your skill set:</strong></p><ul><li>Professional experience of at least 2 years in the field of Office IT, System Administration or a comparable field </li><li>Feeling of comfort within the Microsoft environment; Knowledge of Mac OS X is a plus</li><li>Basic knowledge about O365</li><li>First experiences with centrally managed client security technologies such as anti-virus, mobile device management, patch management, and endpoint policy enforcement</li><li>Good English and German language skills, which you feel comfortable communicating with, both written and spoken</li><li>Excellent organizational and time management skills</li><li>Good communication skills in English and German, enriched by a strong customer orientation</li><li>You are a team player and are willing to embrace our company culture & values</li><li>Some experiences with Python and/or PowerShell</li><li>A bis plus would be basic knowledge in Azure or the interest in learning more about it</li><li>University degree, practical training, or an equivalent qualification in the field of IT</li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Team of specialists. </strong>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong> Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring, and peer support.</li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits. </strong>Get competitive compensation as well as 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours.</strong> We offer trust-based working hours and active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong>Solution orientation. </strong>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><strong>Team events.</strong> Participate in regular (virtual) team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>Food & drinks.</strong> We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.</strong> If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><strong>Comfy offices.</strong> We offer an exciting technical environment in a modern atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results. Learn more about our charms and benefits in our <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&feature=youtu.be">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><p><strong>Our story:<br /></strong></p><p>InnoGames is Germany’s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games, an award-winning employer, and a climate neutral company based in Hamburg. Best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars, InnoGames’ complete portfolio encompasses nine live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from 40+ nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. <span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</span></p><p><span style="color: rgb(0,0,0);">Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>IT Administrator - Office IT</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Isabella Dettlaff</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oco9jfwM/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/it-administrator-office-it/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>