<h1>IT System Administrator</h1>
<p>As<strong> IT System Administrator</strong>&nbsp;you support our employees in all technical matters and therefor in our mission to create great games for our players. Together with your team members, in our international environment, you create and maintain our broad infrastructure.</p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Support in operation and maintenance of hardware and software as well as related infrastructure</li><li>Support our employees with their computers (Windows, MacOS, Linux) and mobile devices (iOS and Android)</li><li>Operation and administration of infrastructure and authorization services in the Windows environment (Hyper V, Microsoft Active Directory, Windows Server, Microsoft Office 365 etc.)</li><li>Taking care of VPN, WIFI, LAN</li><li>Keeping over 400 employees happy with IT</li></ul><p><strong>Your profile:</strong></p><ul><li>Educational degree in IT or equivalent training in the IT field</li><li>Basic knowledge in a Microsoft environment; Knowledge with Mac OS X is&nbsp;a plus</li><li>Basic knowledge about O365</li><li>First experience maintaining automation and configuration scripts (Python, PowerShell)</li><li>First experience with centrally managed client security technologies such as anti-virus, mobile device management, patch management and endpoint policy enforcement</li><li>Good English language skills, both written and spoken, German language skills are a plus</li><li>Organizational and time management skills</li><li>Customer orientation and good communication skills</li></ul><p><strong>Why join us?</strong></p><ul><li>Shape the success story of InnoGames with a great team of driven experts in an international culture</li><li>Competitive compensation and an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li>Exceptional benefits ranging from flawless relocation support to company gym, smartphone or tablet of your own choice for personal use, roof terrace with BBQ and much more</li></ul><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as an <strong>IT Systemadministrator</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application (cover letter, CV and references) as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Kira Friedrichs</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</p><p>InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; first mobile title Warlords of Aternum is a fantasy turn-based strategy game. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /> <br /> Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job//oghhbfwJ/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/it-system-administrator/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>