<h1>Java Software Developer - Rise of Cultures</h1>
<div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div dir="auto"><div>As a<span> </span><strong>Java Software Developer</strong>, you will be part of our agile, cross-functional and international development team working on our new mobile-only strategy game &quot;Rise of Cultures&quot;. You will drive the development of new features as well as maintain and improve the already existing code.<br /><br /><strong>Your mission:</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Develop &amp; optimize</strong><span> </span>new game features in our Java/Spring backend to implement solid, tested game logic.</li><li><strong>Refactor, optimize &amp; improve</strong><span> </span>the existing codebase for maintenance and scalability.</li><li><strong>Conceptualize</strong><span> </span>APIs, tools, and workflows to level-up the interdisciplinary work.</li><li><strong>Foster</strong><span> </span>a culture of sharing knowledge, best practices and standards.</li><li><strong>Contribute</strong><span> </span>to an international working environment &amp; improve not only the product quality but also the quality of work within the team.</li></ul><div><strong>Your skill set:</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Professional experience in Java.</strong><span> </span>You have min. 2 years of experience in object-oriented programming in Java with Spring Boot.</li><li><strong>Software Development knowledge. </strong>Excellent understanding of software architecture &amp; design. A profound knowledge of SQL, Hibernate, and Gradle.</li><li><strong>Theoretical background.</strong><span> </span>You have a degree in Computer Sciences, Business Information Systems or an equivalent training and experience as an IT specialist.</li><li><strong>Communication is the key.</strong> Fluent English language and overall communication skills are mandatory to foster a professional collaboration.</li><li><strong>Proactivity.</strong><span> </span>You have strong learning abilities and are looking for a position where you can work self-organized and take over a high level of responsibility.</li><li><strong>Passion.</strong><span> </span>You are passionate about computer games and the games industry in general.</li></ul><div><strong>The following skills are a nice-to-have in your skill set:</strong></div><ul><li>Angular/ Typescripts</li><li>CI/ Jenkins</li><li>Protobuf</li><li>postgresSQL</li><li>Knowledge in Linux/ server administration tools</li><li>Experience in handling live products with a high number of users</li></ul><div><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong><b><span> </span></b>Level up as a Game Developer with excellent training and development opportunities, such as online trainings, InnoVersity and conferences.</li><li><strong>Compensation &amp; Fair Play</strong><span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);"><strong>.</strong> We have career models as well as market-competitive salary grids in place that ensure that we treat our employees fairly. For this </span>regular<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">-level position, the salary range is between </span>€ 58.000 - 75.000 <span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">gross. Your seniority level (junior, regular, senior) will be evaluated during the interview process. The salary ranges for other seniority levels differ.</span><strong></strong></li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits.</strong><b><span> </span></b>Get 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours.</strong><b><span> </span></b>We offer trust-based working hours as well as active breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong>Hybrid Working Model.</strong> We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we make sure to keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</li><li><strong>Team of specialists.</strong><b><span> </span></b>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><strong>Solution orientation.</strong><b><span> </span></b>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><strong>Team events.</strong><b><span> </span></b>Participate in regular (virtual) team events (e.g., wine tasting, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>Food &amp; drinks.</strong><b><span> </span></b>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.</strong><b><span> </span></b>If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><strong>Comfy and modern offices.</strong><span> </span>Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span> </span><a target="_blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&amp;feature=youtu.be">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><div><strong>Our story:</strong><br />InnoGames is Germany’s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames’ complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.<br />Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<br />Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a<b><span> </span></b><strong>Java Software Developer</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form.<span> </span><strong>Stefania Enache</strong><span> </span>would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div><div></div></div></div></div></div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div><div dir="auto"><div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div></div>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oEy4jfwj/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/java-software-developer-rise-of-cultures/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>