<h1>Java Software Engineer</h1>
<p><span>As a </span><b>Java</b><span> </span><b>Software Engineer</b><span>, you will play a key role for our highly visible landing page systems that bring players into our games.<br /><br /></span><span></span><span>You will be part of a passionate and experienced agile engineering team with both backend and frontend engineers who need your help to tackle the upcoming challenges.</span></p><p><strong><br />Your mission:</strong> </p><ul><li><b>Engineering.</b><span> </span>Continuously improve our backend services with your knowledge of software craftsmanship and high-quality code.</li><li><b>Agile.</b><span> </span>Contribute as a productive member of an agile development team in all phases of the development lifecycle.</li><li><b>Collaboration.</b><span> </span>Work closely with our marketing department to shape and design various features to improve the landing pages and the corresponding systems.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your profile:</strong> </p><ul><li><b>Professional experience.</b> You have gained several years of professional experience in Software Development, and you prefer to influence your team results as a Back-end Developer.</li><li><b>Programming expertise. </b>You are well-versed in applying object-oriented programming (e.g. based on the latest versions of Java) in combination with relevant frameworks (e.g. Spring Boot), relational DBs (e.g. PostgreSQL), and CI/CD (e.g. Jenkins/Docker).</li><li><b>Theoretical understanding.</b> You have completed a university degree in computer science (or equivalent qualification), and you feel comfy using Development basics, such as the UNIX command line, SQL &amp; Git.</li><li><b>Quality-oriented mindset. </b>You are applying various methods in software design &amp; automated testing to guarantee code quality in compliance with the company standards.</li><li><b>Team player.</b> You are a pro-active communicator, confidently working in an English-speaking environment, and you are willing to embrace our company culture &amp; values.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><b>Team of specialists.</b> Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><b>Career opportunities.</b> Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring and peer support.</li><li><b>Outstanding benefits.</b> Get competitive compensation as well as 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><b>Flexible working hours.</b> We offer trust-based working hours as well as active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><b>Hybrid Working Model</b>. We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we make sure to keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</li><li><b>Solution orientation.</b> We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li><b>Team events.</b> Participate in regular (virtual) team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><b>Food &amp; drinks.</b> We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><b>Relocation assistance.</b> If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><b>Comfy offices</b>. Learn more about our charms and benefits in our <a target="_blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Our story:</strong></p><p>InnoGames is Germany’s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames’ complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <b>Java Software Engineer</b>? We look forward to receiving your application through our online application form. <b>Sandra Wandschneider</b> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oowXhfwS/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/java-software-engineer/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>