<h1>Junior Linux System Administrator</h1>
<p>You completed your studies or training, you would like to deepen your basic knowledge in practice and work independently on a variety of Linux administration topics? Then we can offer you an exciting position in a great team of experienced admins. Our "Backend Operations" team operates a wide range of systems from databases to our monitoring and deployment / CI systems for our developers. This environment offers you excellent opportunities to gain experience in different areas of system administration and to specialize in the long term. You will quickly take on responsibility and have experienced colleagues at your side who will actively support you.</p><p><strong>Technologies:</strong></p><ul><li>Debian, KVM</li><li>Postgres, MySQL, Hadoop, ClickHouse, RabbitMQ</li><li>Puppet, Jenkins, Git</li><li>Python</li><li>Jira, Slack, Gitlab</li></ul><p><strong>Your skill set:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>First practical experience with Linux. </strong>Ideally, you already had the chance to gain first experience in the respective field and enjoy working with Linux and Open Source Software.</li><li><strong>Knowledge of programming languages. </strong>You have experience in at least one script or programming language and are willing to constantly learn and extend your knowledge<strong>.</strong></li><li><strong>Theoretical background. </strong>You successfully completed your IT related studies or training.</li><li><strong>Good English skills. </strong>As English is our company language, you are looking forward to working in a multicultural environment while using your English skills every day.</li><li><strong>Hands-on mentality.</strong> You like to work self-organized and show a high level of motivation, teamwork and flexibility.</li></ul><p><strong>Your power-ups</strong>:</p><ul><li><strong>Team of specialists. </strong>Be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><strong>Empowerment and support.</strong> You will quickly work independently and always have experienced colleagues at your side who will actively support you.</li><li><strong>Career development.</strong> We promote your professional and personal development through a variety of training and development opportunities, such as our in-house InnoVersity trainings, mentoring and peer support.</li><li><strong>Technical equipment.</strong> You can set up your workspace as you wish: Mac, Linux, or Windows. Additionally, we provide you with a mobile device (e.g., iPhone or iPad) for private use.</li><li><strong>Hybrid working model.</strong> Contribute from your home in any German city - our company adapted to a hybrid working model, offering remote work even after all the COVID limitations are gone.</li><li><strong>Outstanding remuneration.</strong> We are offering competitive compensation, 28 days of vacation, sabbatical options, a contribution to your public transportation ticket and much more.</li><li><strong>Team events.</strong> Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li></ul><p><strong>Our story:</strong></p><p>InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>Junior Linux System Administrator</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Sandra Wandschneider</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /> <br /> <strong>Apply and #stayhome!</strong>&nbsp;Due to the&nbsp;<strong>coronavirus</strong>&nbsp;outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into&nbsp;<strong>a fully virtual one.</strong>&nbsp;When hiring, we are also open for our new team members starting their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly. Stay home and safe!</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/orTjffwC/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/junior-linux-system-administrator/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>