<h1>Junior Security Engineer</h1>
<p>Our Security Engineering is responsible for testing the security systems of our games and infrastructure. As a Junior Security Engineer you build up web security knowledge to improve awareness and the knowledge level within InnoGames to reduce the risks of security incidents throughout the company.<strong><br /><br />Your mission:<br /></strong></p><ul><li>Triage vulnerability reports submitted through our bug bounty program</li><li>Review and and research security vulnerabilities in our software and support our teams in fixing them</li><li>Monitor security systems for potential incidents</li><li>Perform awareness training and workshops</li><li>Improve our tools to help mitigate security vulnerabilities and automate repeatable tasks<strong></strong></li></ul><strong><br />Your profile: <br /></strong><ul><li>You are interested in Web Security and want&nbsp;to understand how things work ... and how to break them</li><li>You have some kind of background in development, systems administration, or IT security</li><li>An understanding of how HTTP works so you know what the host header is and how cookies are set</li><li>Some programming experience so you can script and automate things by yourself</li><li>Knowing your way around a Linux server, for instance what fail2ban is used for and how file permissions work</li><li>You are reasonably pragmatic, don't panic and don't use the world cyber to often</li><li>Good communication and presentation skills in English</li><li>You have ideally already participated in a bug bounty program or CTF</li></ul><strong><br />Why join us?<br /> </strong><ul><li>Shape the success story of InnoGames with a great team of driven experts in an international culture</li><li>Competitive compensation and an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li>Exceptional benefits ranging from flawless relocation support to company gym, smartphone or tablet of your own choice for personal use, roof terrace with BBQ and much more</li></ul><p>Would you like to become part of a dynamic team and work as a <strong>Junior Security Engineer&nbsp;</strong>with us? Then we look forward to receiving your application through our online application form at innogames.com. Your contact person for this job offer is <strong>Isabella&nbsp;Dettlaff</strong>.<br /><br />InnoGames, based in Hamburg, is one of the leading developers and publishers of online games with more than 200 million registered players around the world. Currently, more than 400 people from 30 nations are working in the Hamburg-based headquarters. We have been characterized by dynamic growth ever since the company was founded in 2007. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job//oLYK9fwm/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/junior-security-engineer/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>