<h1>Lead Backend Developer - Elvenar</h1>
<p>As Lead Backend Developer, you are part of a team of highly qualified PHP developers and have the potential to grow into your role as a Team Lead. Therefore, you will have access to a diverse selection of leadership courses, from communication, conflict management to feedback and stakeholder management so that when you are ready to do the full switch, you have already built a strong foundation. <br /><br />While growing into the lead role, you will shape the engineering culture from inside the team, support the team during implementation of new features and act as their mentor, coach and motivator to deliver high quality.</p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Contribute to the continuous development and improvement of one of our keystone games Elvenar</li><li>Be part of the whole feature development lifecycle with a commitment to deliver highest quality</li><li>Bring your team to the next level by coaching team members on the job and providing feedback in all directions</li><li>Work closely with our system administrators to keep our game scalable for millions of players</li><li>Make sure that information flows within the team and to other departments</li></ul><p><strong>Your profile:</strong></p><ul><li>You have 5+ years of experience with PHP and know all the common frameworks like Symfony or Angular</li><li>Thereof, you have spent at least 1+ years in a senior role incl. some technical leadership responsibility and feel more than ready to grow into a leadership role</li><li>Your experience with writing automation test will let the team excel (e.g. unit, functional or integration tests)</li><li>You call relational databases (PostgreSQL) your home-turf and write efficient queries that scale with many thousands of users</li><li>The long-term vision is your main driver while taking solution-oriented decisions for the games&rsquo; backend architecture</li><li>You are well-versed in design patterns within software architecture and provide an agile mindset within a scrum-based working team</li><li>You have excellent English language skills</li></ul><p><strong>Why join us?</strong></p><ul><li>Be part of a great international team in a healthy and stable growing company</li><li>Choose your preferred device (Linux, Mac or even Windows) to set-up your favorite workplace</li><li>We actively support your further development and give you all needed resources to evaluate new technologies and participate in open source communities</li><li>We provide additional training budget to spend on attending conferences, taking hard skill courses or improve your soft skills as well as purchasing books</li><li>Our career model is set up equally for an expert in a technical career or a management path</li><li>Use opportunities to make your code open source and show your achievements at international conferences</li><li>We offer competitive compensation with benefits like relocation support, company gym, smartphone or tablet, company bikes, rooftop terrace with BBQ and much more</li></ul><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>Lead Backend Developer</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Maximilian Kaeding</strong>&nbsp;would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br />InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; first mobile title Warlords of Aternum is a fantasy turn-based strategy game. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /><br />Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job//oNrA9fwH/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/lead-backend-developer-elvenar/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>