<h1>Linux System Administrator</h1>
<p>You are looking for a position where you can be creative, level-up existing processes, and can come up with great technical solutions? Then our position might be a great opportunity for you. Instead of being stressed out & bored about the same network issues every day, you can enjoy the creative side of System Administration and collaborate closely with your colleagues on the next big thing. Our environment offers you excellent opportunities to gain experience in different system administration areas and specialize in the long term. You will quickly take on responsibility and have experienced colleagues at your side who will actively support you.</p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Show your experience!<span> </span></strong>Set up & maintain databases including replication, sharding and load balancing</li><li><strong>Use analytical skills!</strong> Monitor database load and size</li><li><strong>Collaborate & support!</strong> Help your colleagues to optimize queries and finding the best way to store their data</li><li><strong>Take the challenge!<span> </span></strong>Dig deep into complex problems and analyze the root cause from the OS I/O-system to the database code</li><li><strong>Create technical solutions!</strong><span> </span>Connect the dots and think outside the box for new technical approaches. </li></ul><p><strong>Your skill set:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Professional experience.</strong><span> </span>You have the knowledge to administering *nix systems </li><li><strong>Hands-on skills.</strong><span> </span>You have an in depths knowledge of at least one database technology, preferable a non relational system like Hadoop, Elasticsearch, ClickHouse, or similar</li><li><strong>Programming & technical know-how.</strong><span> You are  comfortable with using various command line tools e.g. (d|net|vm|io)?stat </span>& are p<span>roficient in at least one scripting language</span></li><li><strong>Curiosity.</strong><span> </span>You are eager to learn new technologies</li><li><strong>Great communication skills.<span> </span></strong>You have a open & friendly communication style</li><li><strong>English skills.<span> </span></strong>Y<span>ou are confident working in a multicultural environment and eager to use your English skills every day</span></li></ul><p><strong>Our tech stack:</strong></p><ul><li>Hadoop, Kafka, Flink</li><li>ClickHouse, Graphite, Grafana</li><li>ELK stack</li><li>MySQL (Percona), PostgreSQL, Redis, RabbitMQ</li><li>KVM, LVM, Debian, Puppet</li><li>nginx, Tomcat, Jetty, Django</li><li>Python, Java, PHP, Go</li><li>git, Jenkins, Maven, Docker</li><li>Slack, Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Gitlab</li></ul><p><strong>Your power-ups</strong>:</p><ul><li><strong>Career development.</strong><span> </span>We promote your professional and personal development through a variety of training and development opportunities, such as our in-house InnoVersity trainings, mentoring and peer support.<strong style="text-align: left;"></strong></li><li><strong style="text-align: left;">Compensation & Fair Play</strong><span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">. We have career models as well as market-competitive salary grids in place that ensure that we treat our employees fairly. For this </span>regular<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">-level position, the salary range is between </span>€ 57.500 - 75.000<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);"> gross. Your seniority level (junior, regular, senior) will be evaluated during the interview process. The salary ranges for other seniority levels differ.</span></li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits.</strong><span> </span>We are offering 28 days of vacation, sabbatical options, a contribution to your public transportation ticket and much more.<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);"></span></li><li><strong>Empowerment and support.</strong><span> </span>You will quickly work independently and always have experienced colleagues at your side who will actively support you.</li><li><strong>Flexibility.</strong><span> </span>De-stress your private life with flexible working hours and complete home-office support during and after the pandemic.<strong></strong></li><li><strong>Technical equipment.</strong><span> </span>You can set up your workspace as you wish: Mac, Linux, or even Windows. Additionally, we provide you with a mobile device (e.g., iPhone or iPad) for private use.</li><li><strong>Hybrid working model. </strong><span>We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we make sure to keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</span></li><li><strong>Team of specialists.<span> </span></strong>Be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.<span></span></li><li><span><strong>Relocation support.</strong> </span>Receive exceptional support with your relocation to Hamburg.<strong></strong></li><li><strong>Team events.</strong><span> </span>Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>Have a look!<span> </span></strong>Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span> </span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&feature=youtu.be" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a>.<strong style="text-align: left;"></strong></li></ul><p><strong>Our story:</strong></p>Hamburg-based InnoGames is Germany's leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games and a certified Great Place to Work®. The climate-neutral company, which is part of Modern Times Group (MTG), was established in 2003 and is still run by its founders. Together with a 400+ strong team from over 40 nations they create unique games that provide millions of players from around the world with years of fun.<br />While InnoGames is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars, the company is continuously expanding its portfolio across genres and platforms. The most recent additions are Rise of Cultures and Sunrise Village, which saw successful commercial launches in early 2022.<br />In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<br /><p><span>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>Linux System Administrator</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Selena Ricciuti</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/omphjfw5/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/linux-system-administrator/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>