<h1>Linux System Administrator / System Engineer</h1>
<p>As part of our Backend Operations team, you will be responsible for services used by millions of players all around the world. You will work closely with developers to run in house and open source solutions. We support different systems and technologies. Together we will decide in which of them you like to specialize. We love to know every corner of our systems and most of them are on our own hardware in datacenters in Hamburg and overseas.<strong><br /><br />Your profile:</strong></p><ul><li>Some years professional experience administering *nix systems</li><li>Comfortable with using various command line tools e.g. (d|net|vm|io)?stat</li><li>Proficient in at least one scripting language</li><li>Open and friendly communication style</li><li>Good English skills</li></ul><p><strong><br />Our technologies:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><ul><li>KVM, LVM, Debian, Puppet</li><li>MySQL (Percona, Galera Cluster), PostgreSQL, Redis, Memcached, RabbitMQ</li><li>nginx, Tomcat, Jetty, Django</li><li>Python, Java, PHP, Go</li><li>Hadoop, Kafka, Flink</li><li>Graphite / Grafana, Nagios, Sentry, ELK stack</li><li>git, Jenkins, Maven, Docker</li><li>Slack, Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Gitlab<a href="https://github.com/innogames/serveradmin"></a></li></ul><strong><br />Why join us?</strong><ul><li>Be part of a great team in an international environment in a healthy and stable growing company</li><li>Choose your preferred device (Linux, Mac or even Windows) for your comfortable workplace</li><li>We will actively support your further development and give you all needed resources to evaluate new technologies, participate in open source communities or improve your soft skills</li><li>Our career model is set up equally for an expert in a technical career or a management path</li><li>Opportunities to make your code open source and show your achievements at international conferences</li><li>Competitive compensation</li><li>Benefits like relocation support, company gym, smartphone or tablet, company bikes, rooftop terrace with BBQ and much more</li><li>Check out some of our code: <a href="https://github.com/innogames"><a target="url" href="https://github.com/innogames">https://github.com/innogames</a></a></li></ul><strong></strong><p><br />Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>Linux System Administrator / System Engineer</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Isabella Dettlaff</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br />InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; first mobile title Warlords of Aternum is a fantasy turn-based strategy game. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /><br />Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job//oQaK8fwC/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/linux-system-administrator-system-engineer/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>