<h1>Marketing Data Analyst</h1>
<span><span>Data is our most important resource and foundation of our actions: Help us shape, explore and utilize data from millions of players and a wide range of marketing activities! <br /><br />We are looking for a <strong>Marketing Data Analyst </strong>to enhance our Analytics team. The Analytics department at InnoGames combines data enthusiasts from different backgrounds (product and marketing analysts, market researchers and data scientists) with one vision: we provide the whole data story of our games to enable the best data-driven decisions. With your experience in statistical methods and applied computer science, you contribute to our data-driven mindset by drawing fact-based conclusions as well as developing algorithms that make our work more efficient and easier.<br /><br /></span></span><strong>Your mission:</strong><ul><li><strong>Find the competitive edge!</strong> - Maintain and continuously refine and challenge our Marketing attribution and forecasting models.</li><li><strong>Consult our business stakeholders!</strong> – By digging deep into the data points you transform data into meaningful insights. And there is a lot behind that: you translate complex patterns to concise explanations, visualize your findings in a compelling way, abstract your results to broader patterns and connect them with previous findings, existing theories, and stakeholder expectations.</li><li><strong>Understand our players!</strong> – Run analyses or create quantitative models from scratch to evaluate the user behavior.<strong></strong></li><li><strong>Transparency is key!</strong> - You define, maintain and enhance regular reports that enable our business stakeholders.<strong></strong></li><li><strong>Make the difference!</strong> - We never just “pull data” - our results allow us to track impact, solve a problem, decide on an alternative or improve our products/business. Your opinion matters and stakeholders ranging from Creatives to Marketing Managers to Top Management are eager to hear it.</li><li><strong>Team up!</strong> – Plan and coordinate projects across different departments by closely collaborating with tech and business departments to achieve solutions with a visible impact for the company.</li><li><strong>Learn & innovate!</strong> – Data Analytics is a fast-moving field and we want you to be up to date and apply new learnings.</li></ul><strong><br />Your skill set:</strong><br /><ul><li><strong>Theoretical background.</strong> An University degree with a statistical/mathematical focus (e.g. mathematics, data science, IT, social sciences).</li><li><strong>Professional experience.</strong> Professional experience of at least 3 years in the field of Analytics.</li><li><strong>Expertise.</strong> Advanced experience in the application of data science methods from concept to production. Practical experience with Marketing attribution modeling is a big plus.</li><li><strong>Tools.</strong> Profound knowledge of SQL and R/Python.<strong></strong></li><li><strong>Marketing knowledge.</strong> Preferably expertise in the eMarketing field and KPI analysis for campaign steering.</li><li><strong>Project Management.</strong> Proven stakeholder and project management expertise.</li><li><strong>Analytical mindset.</strong> Data-driven mindset and distinct analytical thinking.</li><li><strong>Team Player.</strong> You are a team player and worked in a cross-functional set up already.</li><li><strong>Communication Skills.</strong> You communicate confidently in English and have overall good communication and presentation skills.</li></ul><strong><br />Your power-ups:</strong><br /><ul><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong><span> </span>Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring and peer support.</li><li><strong style="text-align: left;">Compensation & Fair Play</strong><span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">. We have career models as well as market-competitive salary grids in place that ensure that we treat our employees fairly. For this </span>regular<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">-level position, the salary range is between </span>€ 55.200 - 72.000<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);"> gross. Your seniority level (junior, regular, senior) will be evaluated during the interview process. The salary ranges for other seniority levels differ.</span></li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits.</strong><span> </span>Get 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours.</strong><span> </span>We offer trust-based working hours as well as active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong></strong><strong>Hybrid Working Model</strong>. We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we make sure to keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</li><li><strong>Team of specialists.</strong><span> </span>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><strong>Solution orientation.</strong><span> </span>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li><strong>Team events.</strong><span> </span>Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>Food & drinks.</strong><span> </span>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.</strong><span> </span>If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg, we will help you relocate to Hamburg regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><span><strong>Comfy offices.</strong></span><span> </span>Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span> </span><span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&feature=youtu.be" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a>.</span></li></ul><p><strong><span><br />Our story:</span> <br /><br /></strong><span>Hamburg-based InnoGames is Germany's leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games and a certified Great Place to Work®. The climate-neutral company, which is part of Modern Times Group (MTG), was established in 2003 and is still run by its founders. Together with a 400+ strong team from over 40 nations they create unique games that provide millions of players from around the world with years of fun.<br />While InnoGames is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars, the company is continuously expanding its portfolio across genres and platforms. The most recent additions are Rise of Cultures and Sunrise Village, which saw successful commercial launches in early 2022.<br />In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<br /><br /></span><span>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>Marketing Data Analyst</strong></span><span>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Isabella Dettlaff</strong></span><span> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</span><span><br /></span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oy84ffwJ/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/marketing-data-analyst/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>