<h1>Mobile Game Developer - Unity - Sunrise Village</h1>
<p><span>Our team is currently developing the new F2P mobile game <strong>&quot;</strong></span><strong>Sunrise Village</strong><span><strong>&quot;</strong> and we are looking for an additional </span><strong>Unity Game Developer</strong><b> </b><span>to contribute to the technical development of new features &amp; components for our game:<br /><br /></span><span></span><span>You will group up with our agile and international team of Game Developers experienced in creating mobile games based on Unity3D/C# in connection to a Java-based server-side. Let's share knowledge about Unity3D best practices and bring our game as well as your career to the next level!</span></p><p><strong><br />Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Improve our game.</strong> Develop new mechanics and improve the existing features, based on your Unity3D/C# knowledge.</li><li>Collaborate with experts. Closely interact with different departments (e.g., Art, Game Design, Backend) and shape a great gaming experience for our players.</li><li><strong>Find technical solutions.</strong> Create tools and workflows to optimize the interdisciplinary work of your team.</li><li><strong>Make it work.</strong> Ensure high product quality by applying automated tests and collaborating closely with all of our Engineers, including our QA specialists.</li><li><strong>Think outside the box.</strong> Foster a culture of knowledge sharing, best practices and high-level standards.</li></ul><p><span><strong><br />Your skill set:</strong><br /></span></p><ul><li><strong>Unity Game Developer.</strong> You are passionate about developing games with Unity and professionally experienced (3+ years) working in a Game Development environment.</li><li><strong>Software Engineering professional.</strong> You are knowledgable about- &amp; interested in applying MV* patterns, object-oriented programming and Dependency Injection.</li><li><strong>High-quality focus.</strong><b> </b>You feel responsible for the quality of your implementation/feature, you feel comfortable adding automated tests and you gained first experience in debugging and profiling your code.</li><li><strong>Communicative team player.</strong> You are eager to share your technical knowledge, love to give &amp; take feedback, discuss solutions in a team, and learn from your peers.</li><li><strong>Open-minded.</strong> You are confident working in a multicultural environment with a diverse team using English as a preferred language.</li></ul><div><strong>Bonus points:</strong></div><ul><li><strong>Something new, every day.</strong> You are following &amp; reflecting on the latest Unity features, and you are self-driven to learn &amp; improve continuously.</li><li><strong>Full-Stack mindset. </strong>You are not only well-versed in developing the mobile client but also knowledgeable about complex backend infrastructure, working with CI-/CD-pipelines, e.g. based on Jenkins.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your power-ups:<br /></strong></p><ul><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong> Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring, and peer support.</li><li><strong>Compensation &amp; Fair Play</strong><span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);"><strong>.</strong> We have career models as well as market-competitive salary grids in place that ensure that we treat our employees fairly. For this </span>regular<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);">-level position, the salary range is between </span>€ 58.000 - 75.000<span style="color: rgb(29,28,29);"> gross. Your seniority level (junior, regular, senior) will be evaluated during the interview process. The salary ranges for other seniority levels differ.</span></li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits. </strong>Get 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours.</strong> We offer trust-based working hours and active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong>Hybrid Working Model.</strong><b> </b>We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</li><li><strong>Team of specialists.</strong><b> </b>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><strong>Solution orientation.</strong><b> </b>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><strong>Team events. </strong>Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>Food &amp; drinks.</strong> We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.</strong> If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg, we will help you relocate to Hamburg regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><strong>Comfy offices.</strong> Learn more about our charms and benefits in our <a target="_blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&amp;feature=youtu.be">virtual office tour</a>.<strong style="text-align: left;"></strong></li></ul><p><span><strong><br />Our story:</strong><br /></span></p><p><span>Hamburg-based InnoGames is Germany's leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games and a certified Great Place to Work®. The climate-neutral company, which is part of Modern Times Group (MTG), was established in 2003 and is still run by its founders. Together with a 400+ strong team from over 40 nations they create unique games that provide millions of players from around the world with years of fun. <br />While InnoGames is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars, the company is continuously expanding its portfolio across genres and platforms. The most recent additions are Rise of Cultures and Sunrise Village, which saw successful commercial launches in early 2022. <br />In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<br /><br /></span><span></span><span>Are you excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a </span><strong>Mobile Game Developer</strong><span>? </span><span>We look forward to receiving your application documents through our online application form. </span><strong>Maximilian Kaeding</strong><span> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/onayifw7/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/mobile-game-developer-unity-sunrise-village/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>