<h1>Mobile Software Engineer - iOS/Android - Core Team</h1>
<p><span>As a&nbsp;</span><strong><span>Mobile Software Engineer</span></strong><span>, you will be part of our agile, cross-functional, and international development team. The CORE department&rsquo;s purpose is to provide centralized tools and services for all game teams. As part of our team, you will drive the development of new features as well as maintain and improve the current code of our libraries and modules.</span></p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Develop native mobile code in Java for Android and Objective-C for iOS and guide best practices</span></li><li><span>Design libraries, modules, and tools for our games in C# for Unity</span></li><li><span>Conceptualize&nbsp;APIs, tools, and workflows to optimize our interdisciplinary work</span></li><li><span>Collaborate closely with different departments (Games, Payment, Analytics)</span></li><li><span>Foster a culture of sharing knowledge, best practices and standards</span></li><li><span>Ensure high product quality by using automated tests</span></li><li><span>Identify issues, communicate it and bring up new solutions</span></li><li><span>Continuously refine and optimize our existing mobile apps</span></li></ul><strong><br />Your profile:</strong><br /><ul><li><span><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Native mobile development</span><br />Ideally, you are working on both platforms, iOS &amp; Android. Also, Unity knowledge would be a plus.</span></li><li><span><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Software craftsmanship</span><br />Design patterns and the SOLID principles are part of your daily work as well as your drive to solve problems in a customer centric way.<br /></span></li><li><span><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Relevant job experiences</span><br />Ideally, you have been&nbsp;</span><span>working in the gaming industry&nbsp;</span><span>or in an agile software development environment for a minimum of&nbsp;five years. Your p</span><span>assion for game development is a plus.</span></li><li><span><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Team fit</span><br />Ideally, you love to give &amp; take feedback. Y</span><span>ou are eager to share your technical knowledge and coach your peers meanwhile you&nbsp;</span>are self-driven to learn and improve&nbsp;continuously</li><li><span><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Excellent English skills</span><br />You are open-minded and confident working in a multicultural environment while you are using your English skills every day.</span></li></ul><br /><p><strong>Why join us?<br /></strong></p><ul><li>Be part of a great international team in a healthy and stable-growing company</li><li>Your working device will be the latest MacBook Pro with high-end hardware</li><li>We actively support your further development and give you all the needed resources to evaluate new technologies and participate in open source communities</li><li>We provide additional training budget to spend on attending conferences, taking hard skill courses or improve your soft skills as well as purchasing books</li><li>Our career model is set up equally for an expert in a technical career or a management path</li><li>Use opportunities to make your code open source and show your achievements at international conferences</li><li>We offer competitive compensation with benefits like relocation support, company gym, smartphone or tablet, company bikes, rooftop terrace with BBQ and much more</li></ul><br /><p>Would you like to become part of a dynamic team and work as a <strong>Mobile Software Engineer&nbsp;</strong>with us?&nbsp;We look forward to receiving your application (cover letter &amp; CV) as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible starting date through our online application form.<span>&nbsp;</span><strong>Maximilian Kaeding</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</p><p><span><strong>Apply and #stayhome!</strong>&nbsp;Due to the&nbsp;<strong>coronavirus</strong>&nbsp;outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into&nbsp;<strong>a fully virtual one.</strong>&nbsp;When hiring, we are also open for our new team members starting their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly. Stay home and safe!<br /><br /></span><span>InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in&nbsp;</span><span>Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio&nbsp;</span><span>encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /><br /></span><span>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the&nbsp;</span><span>passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our&nbsp;</span><span>success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals,&nbsp;</span><span>and creative thinkers.</span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oCwPcfwT/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/mobile-software-engineer-ios-android-core-team/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>