<h1>PHP Game Developer - Grepolis</h1>
<p>Our agile cross-functional team is searching for an interactive &amp; communicative&nbsp;<b>Software Developer&nbsp;</b>who will implement features, improve workflow tools, optimize performance, and, most importantly, share the passion for our games with our team!<br /><br />Bring your knowledge of software engineering principles and pragmatic ways of finding solutions to provide the best user experience for our players, working&nbsp;within the PHP and JavaScript codebase.&nbsp;<br /><br /></p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Contribute to the continuous development and improvement of one of our keystone games: Grepolis</li><li>Be part of the whole feature development lifecycle with a commitment to quality results</li><li>Develop and optimize the PHP backend to implement solid, tested game logic</li><li>Collaborate with Game Designers and Artists to realize the most suitable UIs for our browser and mobile apps</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your skill set:</strong></p><ul><li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Focus on back-end development</span><br />You are working with PHP and OOP. Based on your advanced knowledge of relational databases, preferably using PostgreSQL, you write efficient queries that scale with many thousands of users. It will be beneficial if you are also competent in working with JavaScript, CSS, and HTML.</li><li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Software craftsmanship</span><br />Based on your working experiences with MV* frameworks, you are well-versed in design patterns, software architecture, and unit testing.</li><li><span><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Relevant job expertise</span><br />You have been&nbsp;</span><span>working in </span><span>an agile software development environment for a minimum of&nbsp;five years. Ideally, you have graduated in Computer Sciences, Engineering, or in a comparable education.</span></li><li><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span>Team fit</span><br /></span>You are a proactive and motivated individual with a solution-oriented and efficient&nbsp;style of work.&nbsp;Your willingness to learn is essential, and your passion for games is a plus.</li><li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Excellent English skills</span><br /><span>You are open-minded and confident working in a multicultural environment while using your English skills every day.</span></li></ul><p><strong><br />Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li>You can contribute from your home in any German city - our company adapted to a hybrid working model, offering remote work even after all the COVID limitations are gone</li><li>You will work as part of an agile multicultural team&nbsp;&ndash; enabling you and your team to form and actively optimize work processes&nbsp;</li><li>We actively support personal development, pay for any necessary textbooks as well as sending you to Developer conferences&nbsp;</li><li>You can set up your workspace as you wish:&nbsp;<span>Mac,&nbsp;Linux, or Windows, t</span>wo or more monitors, a free choice of IDE as well as other software</li><li>We send all the needed equipment to your home office</li><li>We provide you with a mobile device (e.g., iPhone or iPad) for private use</li><li>You can take creative breaks: play table tennis with your team, play on our arcade machines, work out in our gym or go to our roof terrace to get some fresh air</li><li>We contribute to your public transport ticket and subsidize contributions to the company pension plan</li><li>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and wellbeing</li><li>We have regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and a company-organized&nbsp;after work get together every Thursday</li><li>We offer&nbsp;trust-based working hours: You can choose to either work from home or contribute by working in our modern office environment in the center of Hamburg</li><li>Our company language is English,&nbsp;and&nbsp;we support all our employees and their partners with optional German&nbsp;lessons</li><li>If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg</li><li>We have fun at work!</li></ul><br /><strong><strong>Our story:<br /></strong></strong><p>InnoGames is Germany's leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar, and Tribal Wars. InnoGames' complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. To further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p><br /><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a<strong><span>&nbsp;</span>Software Developer</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application (CV &amp; ideally, a cover letter) as well as information about your earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Maximilian Kaeding</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br /><span><strong>Apply and #stayhome!</strong> Due to the <strong>coronavirus</strong> outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into <strong>a fully virtual one.</strong> When hiring, we are also open for our new team members starting their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly. Stay home and safe!</span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oNmOefwV/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/php-game-developer-grepolis/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>