<h1>PHP Developer - Tribal Wars</h1>
<p>Since 2003 Tribal Wars has been delivering an extraordinary Strategy MMO experience to its players and community. Assist us in upholding this tradition and bringing Innovation to a retro game which has become love from the first sight for millions of players!<br /><br /><em>Sounds exciting? Click here for more details about the project:&nbsp;<a target="url" href="https://www.innogames.com/games/tribal-wars/">https://www.innogames.com/games/tribal-wars/</a></em></p><p>Our agile cross-functional team is searching for a&nbsp;<strong>PHP Developer&nbsp;</strong>who will share the passion for the product with us<strong>&nbsp;</strong>and implement features, improve workflow tools, and optimize the performance of our company&acute;s founding project! Bring your knowledge of software engineering principles and pragmatic way of finding solutions to provide the best user experience for our players, working&nbsp;within the JavaScript and PHP codebase.</p><p></p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Contribute to the continuous development and improvement of our all-time favorite game - Tribal Wars</li><li>Be part of the whole feature development life-cycle with a commitment to quality results</li><li>Develop and optimize the HTML5/Javascript frontend</li><li>Work with the shared PHP backend to maintain an extensive API and implement solid, tested game logic</li><li>Collaborate with Game Designers and Artists to realize most suitable UIs for browser and mobile app</li><li>Build sustainable, engaging and profitable features for the Tribal Wars community</li></ul><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><p><strong>Your profile:</strong></p><ul><li>Strong experience with PHP and OOP</li><li>Good knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, and HTML</li><li>Competent in working with relational databases and writing efficient queries that scale with many thousands of players</li><li>Working experience with MVC frameworks</li><li>Well-versed in design patterns and software architecture and unit testing</li><li>Interested in current web technologies and bringing new tech to the game</li><li>Solution-oriented and efficient&nbsp;style of work</li><li>A proactive and motivated individual with a willingness to learn</li><li>Team player and a good communicator with fluent English language skills</li><li>Passion for online strategy games and knowledge of relevant game mechanics</li><li>Preferably already a member of the Tribal Wars community</li><li>Degree in Computer Science or Engineering or a comparable education would be a plus</li></ul><p><br /><br /></p><p><strong>Why join us?</strong></p><ul><li>Be part of a great international team in a healthy and stable growing company</li><li>Choose your preferred device (Linux, Mac or even Windows) to set-up your favorite workplace</li><li>We actively support your further development and give you all needed resources to evaluate new technologies and participate in open source communities</li><li>We provide additional training budget to spend on attending conferences, taking hard skill courses or improve your soft skills as well as purchasing books</li><li>Our career model is set up equally for an expert in a technical career or a management path</li><li>Use opportunities to make your code open source and show your achievements at international conferences</li><li>We offer competitive compensation with benefits like relocation support, company gym, smartphone or tablet, company bikes, rooftop terrace with BBQ and much more</li></ul><br /><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>PHP Developer</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application (cover letter, CV, and references) as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Maximilian Kaeding</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</p><p><span>InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; first mobile title Warlords of Aternum is a fantasy turn-based strategy game. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</span><br /><br /><span>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job//onl4afwG/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/php-developer-tribal-wars/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>