<h1>Python Developer - System Administration</h1>
<p>Refactoring is not your first answer to every problem? You like infrastructure work but you love coding even more? Python is your preferred programming language but you can also tolerate PHP and Java? Become part of our Development and Operations Support Team as <strong>Python Developer</strong>!<br /><br /><br /><strong>Your mission:</strong>&nbsp;</p><ul><li>Your first main project will be to further develop our central server database <a href="https://github.com/innogames/serveradmin">Serveradmin</a> written in Pythons web framework Django which orchestrates over 6000 VMs, 400 Hypervisors and over 14.000 other items such as routers and switches. You will plan and develop new features for the Web UI and the Web API for access of clients with tens of thousands of requests per hour</li><li>You will also focus on other infrastructure operations tools and get insight into the Atlassian tool-stack and our community supporting tools</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your profile:</strong></p><ul><li>At least two years of active development experience in Python 3 and Django</li><li>Experience in collaboration and working with git (github, gitlab etc.)</li><li>Usage and administration of UNIX-like operating systems</li><li>Experience with relational databases (DQL) and interest to dive deep to improve the data model of the application (DML, DDL)</li><li>Interest or experience in PostgreSQL monitoring and profiling</li><li>Knowledge of how TCP/IP networks are working</li><li>Understanding of object-oriented programming, software architecture and design as well as API development</li><li>Java and PHP knowledge is a plus</li><li>Interest or knowledge in configuration management systems, ideally puppet, is a plus</li><li>You enjoy dealing with diverse sets of requirements and needs while having a good grasp on constrains and risks</li><li>You like to share a good laugh with your colleagues</li><li>You are fluent in English</li></ul><p><strong><br />Why join us?</strong></p><ul><li>Shape the success story of InnoGames with a great team of driven experts in an international culture</li><li>Competitive compensation and an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li>Exceptional benefits ranging from flawless relocation support to company gym, smartphone or tablet of your own choice for personal use, roof terrace with BBQ and much more</li></ul><p><br />Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>Python Developer &ndash; System Administration</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Isabella Dettlaff</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br />InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; first mobile title Warlords of Aternum is a fantasy turn-based strategy game. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /><br />Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job//o7V9afw5/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/python-developer-system-administration/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>