<h1>QA Engineer (Quality Assistance) - Elvenar</h1>
<p>You are a passionate player of our video games, and you are enthusiastic about high-quality game development?</p><p>Apply now for our vacant<strong>&nbsp;QA Engineer&nbsp;</strong>position! As part of our&nbsp;Elvenar&nbsp;game team you will be analyzing and enhancing our game's quality: Our Quality Assistance Engineers are an essential part of the product team's culture. They help shape the awareness of quality by coaching &amp; assisting the team and defining &amp; implementing a robust test strategy.</p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Ensure high-quality releases of our game through continuous testing</li><li>Review test requirements and concepts, provide feedback for the development team, product managers, and game designers</li><li>Provide initial feedback for newly developed features through exploratory testing</li><li>Support the development team by extending our automation test coverage</li><li>Draft and develop recurring test plans, put them into practice</li><li>Coordinate testing activities with development teams and product management</li><li>Keep track of our bug count, follow up to constantly decrease &amp; keep the bug count low</li><li>Plan and organize team and crowd test sessions</li></ul><p><strong>Your skillset:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Passionate gamer.&nbsp;</strong>Extensive experience playing video games, especially mobile/online/strategy games</li><li><strong>QA expertise.<span>&nbsp;</span></strong>Minimum 2 years of professional experience as a QA Engineer, testing games or mobile applications</li><li><strong>Communicative.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>Business fluent English language and strong interpersonal&nbsp;communication skills</li><li><strong>Agile.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>Working&nbsp;in a fast-paced work environment within cross-functional teams</li><li><strong>Development skills.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>Experience in automated testing/scripting/programming, ideally using Java, PHP or C#</li><li><strong>Analytical mindset.&nbsp;</strong><span>Analyzing video games as well as data, with a focus on quality and details</span></li><li><strong>Playing InnoGames' games.</strong><span><strong>&nbsp;</strong>Active participation in our gaming community, ideally playing Elvenar or Forge of Empires is a bonus</span></li></ul><p><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><strong><span>Hybrid Working Model. </span></strong><span>We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</span></li><li><strong>Team of specialists.&nbsp;</strong>Shape the success story of InnoGames with our international team of driven experts in a stable growing company and award-winning employer</li><li><strong>Outstanding renumeration.&nbsp;</strong>Get competitive compensation as well as a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more</li><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>Make the most of our excellent training and development opportunities</li><li><strong>Creative processes.&nbsp;</strong>Feel comfortable in an atmosphere that empowers creative thinking and strong results</li><li><strong>Dynamic people.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>Work in an agile multicultural team &ndash; enabling you and your team to form and actively optimize work processes<strong></strong></li><li><span><strong>Team events.</strong>&nbsp;Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers ranging from an in-house sofa concert to a virtual wine tasting</span></li><li><strong>English first.&nbsp;</strong>Our company language is English, and we support all our employees and their partners with optional German lessons</li><li><strong>Food &amp; drinks.&nbsp;</strong>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and wellbeing; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Comfy offices. </strong>Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span>&nbsp;</span><a rel="nofollow" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><p><strong>Our story:</strong><br />InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p><p>Are you excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a<span>&nbsp;</span><strong>QA Engineer</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application through our online application form.<strong>&nbsp;Hannah Gutjahr&nbsp;</strong>would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/omLFhfwN/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/qa-engineer-quality-assistance-elvenar/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>