<h1>QA Engineer (Quality Assistance) - Rise of Cultures</h1>
<p>You are a passionate player of (our) video games, and you are enthusiastic about high-quality game development?<br /><br />Apply now for our vacant&nbsp;<strong>QA Engineer&nbsp;</strong>position!&nbsp;As part of our team for Rise of Cultures, you will be able to apply your knowledge of game testing / software testing to analyze and enhance our game's quality.<br /><br />Our Quality Assistance Engineers are an essential part of our product teams' culture: They help shape the awareness of quality by coaching &amp; assisting the team and defining &amp; implementing a robust test strategy.&nbsp;In addition, our experienced colleagues will support you to level up and to broaden your technical horizon, for example by introducing you to the automated testing of our video games!</p><p></p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Ensure high-quality releases of our game through continuous testing</li><li>Review test requirements and concepts, provide feedback for the development team, product managers, and game designers</li><li>Provide initial feedback for newly developed features through exploratory testing</li><li>Draft and develop recurring test plans, put them into practice</li><li>Coordinate testing activities with development teams and product management</li><li>Support the development team by extending our automation test coverage</li><li>Keep track of our bug count, follow up to constantly decrease &amp; keep the bug count low</li><li>Plan and organize team and crowd test sessions</li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Your skillset:</strong></p><ul><li>Passionate gamer.&nbsp;Extensive experience playing video games, especially mobile/online/strategy/F2P games</li><li>QA expertise. Professional experience in testing games or mobile applications</li><li>Analytical mindset. Analyzing video games as well as data focused on quality and details</li><li><span>English language skills.</span><span>&nbsp;Y</span><span>ou are confident working in a multicultural environment with your business fluent English language skills and are eager to use your strong interpersonal communication skills every day</span></li><li>Working&nbsp;in a fast-paced work environment within cross-functional, agile teams</li></ul><p><em>Favorable:</em></p><ul><li>Game QA expertise. Track record in the gaming industry, ideally focusing on the quality of a mobile game</li><li>Development skills. Experience in automated testing/scripting/programming, ideally using C# or Java</li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Team of specialists.&nbsp;</strong>Shape the success story of InnoGames with our international team of driven experts in a stable growing company and award-winning employer</li><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>Make the most of our excellent training and development opportunities&nbsp;<span>such as "InnoVersity" trainings, internal workshops, mentoring, and peer support</span></li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits.&nbsp;</strong>Get competitive compensation as well as 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more</li><li><strong>Creative processes.&nbsp;</strong>Feel comfortable in an atmosphere that empowers creative thinking and strong results</li><li><strong>Dynamic people.</strong><span>&nbsp;</span>Work in an agile multicultural team &ndash; enabling you and your team to form and actively optimize work processes</li><li><strong>English first.&nbsp;</strong>Our company language is English, and we support all our employees and their partners with optional German lessons</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours.</strong>&nbsp;We offer trust-based working hours and active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air</li><li><span><strong>Team events.</strong>&nbsp;Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers ranging from an in-house sofa concert to a virtual wine tasting</span></li><li><strong>Food &amp; drinks.&nbsp;</strong>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and wellbeing; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens</li><li><strong><span>Hybrid Working Model.&nbsp;</span></strong><span>We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we keep up our unique InnoGames spirit</span></li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.</strong>&nbsp;If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources</li><li><strong>Comfy offices.<span>&nbsp;</span></strong>Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span>&nbsp;</span><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Our story:</strong></p><p>InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses nine live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /><br />Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 40+ nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<br /><br />Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a<strong>&nbsp;QA Engineer</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form.<span>&nbsp;</span><strong>Hannah Gutjahr&nbsp;</strong>would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oi1Yifwj/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/qa-engineer-quality-assistance-rise-of-cultures/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>