<h1>QA Engineer - New Mobile Game</h1>
<p>Our <strong>Quality Assistance Engineers</strong> are an essential part of the product team's culture. They help to shape the awareness of quality by coaching and mentoring the team and defining and implementing a robust automation strategy. Become a member of our game team and help us to shape the future of our new products!<br /><br /></p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong>&nbsp;</p><ul><li>Review test requirements and provide feedback to the&nbsp;Development Team, Product Managers, and Operations</li><li>Carry out exploratory testing and contribute to evaluations for newly developed features</li><li>Expand and enhance our continuous integration and deployment process components</li><li>Support the team to optimize the testing process, coach them on quality topics, and automate UI tests for the mobile application using a customized testing framework</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your profile:</strong>&nbsp;</p><ul><li>Degree&nbsp;in technical sciences or relevant work experience</li><li>At least 3 years of professional experience in software testing, ideally of mobile applications</li><li>Programming experience in C# and/or Java</li><li>Experience with test automation and frameworks</li><li>Good understanding of software development lifecycle</li><li>Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases</li><li>Excellent communication skills in English</li><li>Pleasure to work in a cross-functional agile team, overall pragmatic and enthusiastic approach, readiness to take over responsibility</li><li>Attention to detail, curiosity, and a mindset focused on quality</li><li>Ability to give constructive feedback</li><li>Passion for computer games</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Why join us?&nbsp;</strong></p><ul><li>Shape the success story of InnoGames with a great team of driven experts in an international culture</li><li>Competitive compensation and an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li>Exceptional benefits ranging from flawless relocation support to company gym, smartphone or tablet of your own choice for personal use, roof terrace with BBQ and much more</li></ul><p><br />Would you like to become part of a dynamic team and work as a <strong>Quality Assistance Engineer</strong>&nbsp;in our new mobile game? Then we look forward to receiving your application (cover letter, CV, and references) as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible starting date through our online application form at innogames.com. Your contact person for this job offer is <strong>Maximilian Kaeding</strong>.<br /> <br />InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; first mobile title Warlords of Aternum is a fantasy turn-based strategy game. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /><br />Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job//oR076fwO/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/qa-engineer-new-mobile-game/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>