<h1>QA Engineer (Quality Assistance / Quality Assurance) - NEW Mobile Game Project</h1>
<em>You are a passionate player of (our) video games, and you are enthusiastic about high-quality game development?</em><br /><p>Apply now for our vacant<span>&nbsp;</span><strong>QA Engineer&nbsp;</strong>position! <span>As part of our team for a new mobile game, you will be able to apply your knowledge of game testing / software testing to analyze and enhance our game's quality.<br /><br /></span><span>Our Quality Assistance Engineers are an essential part of our product teams' culture: They help shape the awareness of quality by coaching &amp; assisting the team and defining &amp; implementing a robust test strategy.&nbsp;</span><span>In addition, our experienced colleagues will support you to level up and to broaden your technical horizon, for example by introducing you to the automated testing of our video games!</span></p><p><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Ensure high-quality releases of our game through continuous testing</span></li><li>Review test requirements and concepts, provide feedback for the development team, product managers, and game designers</li><li>Provide initial feedback for newly developed features through exploratory testing</li><li>Draft and develop recurring test plans, put them into practice</li><li>Coordinate testing activities with development teams and product management</li><li>Support the development team by extending our automation test coverage</li><li>Keep track of our bug count, follow up to constantly decrease &amp; keep the bug count low</li><li>Plan and organize team and crowd test sessions</li></ul><p><strong>Your skillset:</strong></p><ul><li>Passionate gamer.&nbsp;<span>Extensive experience playing video games, especially mobile/online/strategy/F2P games</span></li><li>QA expertise. Professional experience in testing games or mobile applications</li><li>Analytical mindset. Analyzing video games as well as data focused on quality and details</li><li>Communicative. Business fluent English language and strong interpersonal&nbsp;<span>communication skills</span></li><li><span>Agile. Working&nbsp;in a fast-paced working environment within cross-functional teams</span></li></ul><p><em><span>Favorable:</span></em></p><ul><li><span>Game QA expertise. Track record in the gaming industry, ideally focusing on the quality of a mobile game</span></li><li>Development skills. Experience in automated testing/scripting/programming, ideally using C# or Java<span></span></li></ul><p><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><span>Get competitive compensation as well as a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more</span></li><li><span>De-stress your private life with flexible working hours, the in-house gym, services such as a hairdresser, massage, bike inspection, and more</span></li><li><span>Participate in tons of the company's get-togethers ranging from an in-house sofa concert to a virtual wine tasting</span></li><li><span>Make the most of our excellent training and development opportunities</span></li><li><span>Feel comfortable in an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</span></li><li><span>Work in an agile multicultural team &ndash; enabling you and your team to form and actively optimize work processes</span></li><li><span>Our company language is English, and we support all our employees and their partners with optional German lessons</span></li><li><span>Receive exceptional support with your relocation to Hamburg</span></li><li><span>Shape the success story of InnoGames with our international team of driven experts in a stable growing company and award-winning employer</span></li></ul><br /><p><strong>Our story:</strong></p><p>InnoGames is Germany's leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games.<br />The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar, and Tribal Wars. InnoGames' complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years.<br />To further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a&nbsp;<strong>QA Engineer</strong>?<strong><br /></strong>We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible starting date through our online application form.&nbsp;Maximilian Kaeding&nbsp;would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</p><p><strong>Apply and #stayhome!<br /></strong>Due to the&nbsp;<strong>coronavirus&nbsp;</strong>outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into&nbsp;a&nbsp;<strong>fully virtual one</strong>.<br />When hiring, we are also open for our new team members starting their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly.<br />Stay home and safe!</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/o9K1dfwR/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/qa-engineer-quality-assistance-quality-assurance-new-mobile-game-project/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>