<h1>Senior Security Engineer</h1>
<p>Our&nbsp;<strong>Security&nbsp;Engineering&nbsp;</strong>is&nbsp;responsible <span>for testing and auditing the security systems of our games and infrastructure. You maintain and improve the InnoGames security guidelines and processes and work closely with other departments to improve awareness and the knowledge level to reduce the risks of security incidents.</span></p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Your mission:<br /></strong></p><ul><li><span>Hack all the things!&nbsp;Perform internal security audits and penetration tests to discover new weaknesses, monitor security systems for potential incidents</span></li><li><span>Maintain security standards, guidelines, and processes for our systems and infrastructure and c<span>oordinate external compliance requirements&nbsp;</span></span></li><li><span>Develop technical solutions and new security tools to help mitigate security vulnerabilities and automate repeatable tasks, participate in the design and review of security concepts</span></li><li><span>Support internal teams in security-related questions&nbsp;and make sure security requirements are well understood and followed by everyone in the company</span></li></ul><strong><br />Your profile:</strong><br /><ul><li>Degree in computer science or relevant professional experience</li><li><span>Good knowledge of vulnerability types across different technologies (i.e. buffer overflows, cross-site scripting)</span></li><li><span>Good knowledge of web security mechanisms (Same Origin Policy, CORS)</span></li><li><span>Experience in developing and testing web applications</span></li><li><span>Experience in administrating application servers and computer networks</span></li><li><span>Participation in a bug bounty program or CTF and c</span>ertificates like GPEN and OSCP are a real plus!</li><li>Excellent English language skills</li><li><span>Interest to research new technologies</span></li><li>Willingness to continuously learn and improve</li><li>Flexible and an independent way of working</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Why join us?<br /> </strong></p><ul><li>Shape the success story of InnoGames with a great team of driven experts in an international culture</li><li>Competitive compensation and an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li>Exceptional benefits ranging from flawless relocation support to company gym, smartphone or tablet of your own choice for personal use, roof terrace with BBQ and much more</li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Would you like to become part of a dynamic team and work as a&nbsp;<strong>Security Engineer&nbsp;</strong>with us? Then we look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible starting date through our online application form at innogames.com. Your contact person for this job offer is <strong>Isabella&nbsp;Dettlaff</strong>.</p><p>InnoGames, based in Hamburg, is one of the leading developers and publishers of online games with more than 200 million registered players around the world. Currently, more than 400 people from 30 nations are working in the Hamburg-based headquarters. We have been characterized by dynamic growth ever since the company was founded in 2007. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p>

<h2><a href="http://app.jobvite.com/CompanyJobs/Careers.aspx?c=qyy9VfwU&j=ohX76fwb&k=Apply&__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/senior-security-engineer/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>