<h1>Senior Java Engineer</h1>
<p><span>As a <strong>Senior Java Engineer,</strong> you will join our agile, cross-functional <strong>Corporate Systems</strong> team to advance the Development of our in-house systems:<br />As part of our experienced team, you will have a major impact based on your interest in innovative software architecture and knowledge of object-oriented programming, preferably using Java</span><span>.</span></p><p><strong><br />Your mission:</strong> </p><ul><li><strong>Software Engineering.</strong><span> </span>Contribute to the Development of our in-house systems (based on Open Source software), and work closely with internal departments to continuously improve our services based on your knowledge of software architecture &amp; code quality.</li><li><strong>Cross-functional collaboration.<span> </span></strong>Integrate into our agile environment with several cross-functional Kanban teams consisting of Backend-, Frontend- &amp; Quality Assistance Engineers.</li><li><strong>Human interaction.</strong><span> </span>Help to maintain &amp; further develop our cheerful and cooperative high-performance culture, where achievements are recognized, regular knowledge sharing is encouraged, and fun is valued.</li><li><strong>Develop professionally.</strong> Spend time on your individual skills &amp; profit from various opportunities to grow professionally, e.g. by attending conferences &amp; presenting your projects to others.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your profile:</strong> </p><ul><li><strong>Professional experience.</strong> You have gained several years of professional experience in Software Development, and you prefer to influence your team results as a Full Stack Developer participating not exclusively on the backend but also on the frontend.</li><li><strong>Result oriented. </strong>You are driven to take on a high level of responsibility, and you can make good decisions based on an excellent understanding of business requirements.</li><li><strong>Theoretical understanding.</strong> <span>You have completed a university degree in computer science (or equivalent qualification), and y</span><span>ou feel comfy using Development basics, such as the UNIX command line, SQL &amp; Git.</span></li><li><strong>Programming expertise.<span> </span></strong>You are well-versed in applying object-oriented programming (e.g. based on the latest versions of Java) in combination with relevant frameworks (e.g. Spring Boot), relational DBs (e.g. PostgreSQL), and CI/CD (e.g. Jenkins/Docker).</li><li><strong>Quality-oriented mindset. </strong>You are applying various methods in software design &amp; automated testing to guarantee code quality in compliance with the company standards.</li><li><strong>Passionate.</strong><span> </span>You are interested in business processes, the product you create, and state-of-the-art technology.</li><li><strong>Team player.</strong> You have excellent communication skills, you are <span>confidently working in an English speaking environment</span>, and you are willing to embrace our company culture &amp; values.</li><li><strong>Outgoing personality.</strong> As an additional advantage, your presentation skills are outstanding, and you like to give talks at one of our various internal knowledge-sharing events.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your power-ups:</strong> </p><ul><li><strong>Team of specialists.</strong><span> </span>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong><span> </span>Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring and peer support.</li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits.</strong><span> </span>Get competitive compensation as well as 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours.</strong><span> </span>We offer trust-based working hours as well as active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong>Hybrid Working Model</strong>. We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we make sure to keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</li><li><strong>Solution orientation.</strong><span> </span>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li><strong>Team events.</strong><span> </span>Participate in regular (virtual) team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>Food &amp; drinks.</strong><span> </span>We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.</strong><span> </span>If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><strong>Comfy offices</strong>. Learn more about our charms and benefits in our <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Our story:</strong></p><p>InnoGames is Germany’s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames’ complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a <strong>Senior Java Engineer</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form.<span> </span><strong>Maximilian Kaeding</strong> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br /><strong>Apply and #stayhome!</strong> Due to the <strong>coronavirus</strong> outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into <strong>a fully virtual one.</strong> When hiring, we are also open for our new team members starting their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly. Stay home and safe!</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/obrUgfww/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/senior-java-engineer/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>