<h1>Senior PHP Developer</h1>
<p>As&nbsp;<strong>Senior PHP Developer</strong>&nbsp;for our&nbsp;PCI DSS certified&nbsp;Payment Systems, you will join our agile team in order to advance the development of our next-generation payment tools and contribute with your knowledge in software architecture. Together as a team, we are proud to run our payment software in a secure, fault tolerant environment and always strive for innovation in products and technologies.<strong><br /> </strong><br /> <strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Work closely with our stakeholders to shape and design our<span>&nbsp;</span><span>PCI DSS certified<span>&nbsp;</span></span>payment tools to make payment for our users as convenient as possible</li><li>Connect our software with external payment APIs in order to create automated payment and reporting processes</li><li>Continuously improve our backend services with your knowledge of software craftsmanship and high-quality code</li><li>Contribute as a productive member of an agile development team in all phases of the development lifecycle</li></ul><div><strong>Your skill set:</strong></div><ul><li>Degree in Computer Sciences, Business Information Systems or similar</li><li>More than 4 years of professional experience in software development</li><li>Background in object-oriented programming and openness for other programming paradigms</li><li>Programming in PHP is your home-turf (we plan to upgrade to PHP 8 soon and are working with Symfony) but JavaScript is also no foreign language to you!</li><li>The UNIX command line is something you really enjoy, as well as using SQL, GIT, and continuous delivery tools</li><li>Solid experience in using various methods in software design and automated testing to guarantee code quality in compliance with company standards</li><li>Excellent&nbsp;English language skills -<span><span>&nbsp;y</span></span><span><span><span>ou are confident working in a multicultural environment</span><span><span>&nbsp;</span>and eager to use your English skills every day</span></span></span></li></ul><p><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Flexible working hours.</strong>&nbsp;We offer&nbsp;trust-based working hours as well as active-breaks -&nbsp;play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong>Hybrid working model.</strong>&nbsp;Contribute from your home in any German city - our company adapted to a hybrid working model, offering remote work even after all the COVID limitations are gone.</li><li><strong>Equipment delivery.</strong>&nbsp;If you are interested in remote work, we will send all the needed equipment to your home office.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.</strong>&nbsp;If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><strong>Creative processes.</strong>&nbsp;We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><strong>Team of specialists.</strong>&nbsp;Shape the success story of InnoGames with a great team of driven experts in an international culture.</li><li><strong>Team events.</strong>&nbsp;Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular&nbsp;company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>English first.</strong>&nbsp;Our company language is English,&nbsp;and&nbsp;we support all our employees and their partners with optional German&nbsp;lessons.</li><li><strong>Outstanding remuneration.</strong>&nbsp;We are offering competitive compensation &amp; exceptional benefits, ranging from a company gym to smartphone/tablet of your own choice for personal use.</li><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong>&nbsp;We actively support personal development, pay for any necessary textbooks as well as sending you to conferences.</li><li><strong>Transportation support.</strong>&nbsp;We contribute to your public transport ticket and subsidize contributions to the company pension plan.</li><li><strong>Food &amp; drinks.</strong>&nbsp;We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and wellbeing; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Comfy offices.</strong>&nbsp;Learn more about our charms and benefits in our&nbsp;<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&amp;feature=youtu.be" rel="nofollow">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Our Story:</strong></p><p><span>InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</span></p><p><span>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</span></p><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a<strong>&nbsp;Senior PHP Software Developer</strong>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form. <strong>Silja Bernecker&nbsp;</strong>would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</p><p><strong>Apply and #stayhome!</strong>&nbsp;Due to the&nbsp;<strong>coronavirus</strong>&nbsp;outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into&nbsp;<strong>a fully virtual one.</strong>&nbsp;When hiring, we are also open for our new team members starting their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly. Stay home and safe!<br /><br /><strong></strong></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/o143efw6/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/senior-php-developer/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>