<h1>Software Engineer / Data Engineer for Big Data Platform</h1>
As a <strong>Software and Data Enginner for Big Data Platform</strong>, you will join our agile, cross-functional team to advance the development of our next-generation Big Data infrastructure and tools with your interest in innovative software architecture and knowledge of object-oriented programming. <strong>Together as a team</strong>, we are proud to early adopt new features and always strive for innovations in products and technologies.<br /><p><br /><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li><span><strong>Develop data tools</strong>.</span> Work closely with our Analytics department to shape and design our data tools<span> and help us to make data accessible for all our users.</span></li><li><span><strong>Enhance our services</strong>.</span> Continuously improve our Hadoop services with your knowledge of software architecture and high-quality code.</li><li><span><strong>Process big data</strong></span>. Enable analysis of massive data sources by creating high-quality data transformation pipelines and platforms.</li><li><span><strong>Teamwork</strong></span>. Contribute as a productive member of an agile development team in all phases of the development lifecycle.</li></ul><p><strong><br /></strong><strong>Your skill set:</strong></p><ul><li><span><strong>Educational expertise.&nbsp;</strong></span>You have a degree in Computer Sciences, Business Information Systems or&nbsp;equivalent in working experience.</li><li><span><strong>Professional expertise.</strong> </span>You have more than 3 years of professional experience in software development.</li><li><span><strong>OOP.</strong><span> You have a b</span></span>ackground in object-oriented programming and openness for other programming paradigms. A strong background in Java development is an advantage.</li><li><span><strong>Big data focus.</strong></span>&nbsp;You have a strong foundation of SQL and Python knowledge as well as a desire to learn about the world of BigData, AI, and other analytics tools.</li><li><span><strong>Software craftsmanship.&nbsp;</strong></span>The UNIX command line is something you really enjoy, as well as using GIT and continuous delivery tools.</li></ul><p>&nbsp;<br /><strong></strong><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><span><strong>Hybrid working model</strong></span>. Contribute from your home in any German city - our company adapted to a hybrid working model, offering remote work even after all the COVID limitations are gone.</li><li><span><strong>Flexible working hours</strong>.</span> We offer trust-based working hours as well as active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><span><strong>Equipment delivery</strong>.</span> If you are interested in remote work, we will send all the needed equipment to your home office.</li><li><span><strong>Relocation assistance</strong>.</span> If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><span><strong>Team of specialists</strong></span>. Shape the success story of InnoGames with a great team of driven experts in an international culture.</li><li><span><strong>Dynamic people</strong>.</span> Work as part of an agile multicultural team &ndash; enabling you and your team to form and actively optimize work processes.</li><li><span><strong>Creative processes.</strong></span> We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><span><strong>Team events</strong>.</span> Participate in regular team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><span><strong>English first</strong>.</span> Our company language is English, and we support all our employees and their partners with optional German lessons.</li><li><span><strong>Outstanding remuneration</strong></span>. We are offering competitive compensation &amp; exceptional benefits, ranging from a company gym to smartphone/tablet of your own choice for personal use.</li><li><span><strong>Career opportunities</strong></span>. We actively support personal development, pay for any necessary textbooks as well as sending you to conferences.</li><li><span><strong>Transportation support</strong>.</span> We contribute to your public transport ticket and subsidize contributions to the company pension plan.</li><li><span><strong>Food &amp; drinks</strong>.</span> We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and wellbeing; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><span><strong>Comfy offices</strong></span>. Learn more about our charms and benefits in our <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><p><strong><br /></strong><strong>Our story:<br /></strong></p><p>InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a<span><strong> Software Engineer/ Data Engineer for Big Data Platform</strong></span>? We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form.&nbsp;<span><strong>Hannah Gutjahr</strong></span> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br /><span><strong>Apply and #stayhome!</strong></span>&nbsp;Due to the&nbsp;<span><strong>coronavirus</strong></span>&nbsp;outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into<span>&nbsp;</span><strong><span>a fully virtual one</span>.</strong>&nbsp;When hiring, we are also open for our new team members starting their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly. Stay home and safe!</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oyVZefwq/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/software-engineer-data-engineer-for-big-data-platform/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>