<h1>Software Developer - PHP - Game: Grepolis</h1>
<p><span>Our agile &amp; cross-functional team working on the strategy game </span><b>Grepolis</b><span> is looking for a</span><b> Software Developer </b><span>who is experienced working with a PHP codebase</span><b>:<br /></b><br /><span>Bring your knowledge of software engineering principles and pragmatic ways of finding solutions to provide the best user experience for our players. Group up with our international team, implement features, improve workflow tools, optimize performance, and, most importantly, share our passion for games!</span></p><p><strong><br />Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li><b>Improve our game.</b> Contribute to the continuous development and improvement of one of our keystone games: Grepolis.</li><li><b>Find technical solutions.</b> Develop and optimize the PHP &amp; JS codebase while implementing solid game logic.</li><li><b>Collaborate with experts.</b> Closely interact with our Game Developers and further Game production specialists, like Game Designers, Product Managers or Community Managers.</li><li><b>Iterate on results.</b> Be part of the whole feature development lifecycle committed to high-quality results.</li><li><b>Make it work.</b> Ensure high product quality by applying automated tests and shaping a great gaming experience for our players.</li><li><b>Think outside the box.</b> Foster a culture of knowledge sharing, best practices and high-level standards.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your skill set:</strong></p><ul><li><b>Focus on back-end development. </b>You are working with PHP and OOP. Based on your advanced knowledge of relational databases, preferably using PostgreSQL, you write efficient queries that scale with many thousands of users.</li><li><b>Software craftsmanship. </b>Based on your working experiences with MV* frameworks, you are well-versed in design patterns, software architecture, and unit testing.</li><li><b>Relevant professional expertise. </b>You have been working in an agile software development environment for 3+ years. Ideally, you have graduated in Computer Sciences, Engineering, or in a comparable education.</li><li><b>Team fit. </b>You are a proactive and motivated individual with a solution-oriented and efficient work style. Your willingness to learn is essential, and your passion for games is a big plus.</li><li><b>Excellent English skills. </b>You are open-minded and confident working in a multicultural environment while using your English skills every day.</li></ul><div><b>Bonus points:</b></div><ul><li><b>Full-Stack expertise. </b>You are well-versed in developing the back-end and knowledgeable about how to deal with front-end challenges, e.g. based on JavaScript, CSS, and HTML.</li><li><b>Something new, every day.</b> You are following &amp; reflecting on the latest PHP improvements, and you are self-driven to learn &amp; improve continuously.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><b>Team of specialists. </b>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><b>Career opportunities.</b> Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring, and peer support.</li><li><b>Outstanding benefits. </b>Get competitive compensation as well as 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><b>Flexible working hours.</b> We offer trust-based working hours and active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><b>Hybrid Working Model. </b>We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</li><li><b>Solution orientation. </b>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><b>Team events.</b> Participate in regular (virtual) team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><b>Food &amp; drinks.</b> We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><b>Relocation assistance.</b> If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><b>Comfy offices.</b> Learn more about our charms and benefits in our <a target="_blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&amp;feature=youtu.be">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><br /><strong><strong>Our story:<br /></strong></strong><p>InnoGames is Germany’s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games, an award-winning employer, and a climate neutral company based in Hamburg. Best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars, InnoGames’ complete portfolio encompasses nine live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /><br />Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from 40+ nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<span><br /><br /></span><span>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a</span><b> Software Developer</b><span>? We look forward to receiving your CV through our online application form. </span><b>Maximilian Kaeding<span> </span></b><span>would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oQwEifw2/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/software-developer-php-game-grepolis/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>