<h1>Team Lead Software Engineering - Gaming</h1>
<p>As <strong>Team Lead Software Engineering</strong>&nbsp;you will play a key role in the leadership team of one of our online games and lead a highly agile game development team while creating a great game meant to be played by millions of players.<br /><br />After an initiation phase where you will learn all about our Development as well as Leadership principles from your peers, you will take over the technical lead for one of our online games.<br /><br /><strong></strong><strong>Your mission:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Create a successful game.&nbsp;</strong>Collaborate with the Product Manager on reaching the strategic goals for the game &ndash; define and execute required actions for product technology, development environment and team.</li><li><strong>Maintain high standards of software quality.</strong> Provide a comprehensive technical strategy for the game and propose respective software development targets in line with the business goals.</li><li><strong>Lead diverse engineering teams.</strong> Work in an agile work environment with a cross-functional team and be the technical as well as team leader for a team of Software Developers (Backend, Frontend/Mobile) and Quality Assistance Engineers.</li><li><strong>Advance your team members&rsquo; careers. </strong>Be responsible for advancing your team members&rsquo; skills and careers through regular 1:1, half-yearly performance appraisals and personal development plans.</li><li><strong>Empower your team.</strong> You have found your passion in software development but get even more satisfaction in helping your team do great work and improve their skill set.</li><li><strong>Shape a great work environment.</strong> As part of our leadership team, you will maintain and further develop our high-performance culture in a cheerful and cooperative work environment &ndash; where achievements are recognized, regular knowledge sharing is encouraged, and fun is our foundation.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your skill set:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Leadership mentality.</strong>You have several years&rsquo; experience in building and leading an agile game development team, and your result orientation is driving the success of your team(s).</li><li><strong>Professional expertise.</strong>&nbsp;You have a Senior-level hands-on background with software development methodologies, object-oriented design, and development. You know the advantages and disadvantages of various architectures and have experience implementing them.</li><li><strong>Software engineering. </strong>You have proven experience with mobile development on Android and iOS, preferably with Unity. You also have profound knowledge of client-server architectures and the underlying concepts.</li><li><strong>Ownership. </strong>You take on a high level of responsibility and are able to make good leadership decisions based on an excellent understanding of business requirements.</li><li><strong>Great soft skills. </strong>You have excellent communication skills and are willing to embrace our company culture and values.</li><li><strong>Theoretical background. </strong>You have completed a Computer Sciences, Business Information Systems degree or have relevant experience.<strong></strong><br /><strong></strong></li></ul><p><strong><br /></strong><strong></strong><strong>Your power-ups:</strong><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p><ul><li><strong>Team of specialists.</strong> Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><strong>Career opportunities.</strong> Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring and peer support.</li><li><strong>Outstanding benefits.</strong> Get competitive compensation as well as 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><strong>Flexible working hours.</strong> We offer trust-based working hours as well as active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><strong>Hybrid working model.</strong> Contribute from your home in any German city - our company adapted to a hybrid working model, offering remote work even after all the COVID limitations are gone.</li><li><strong>Solution orientation.</strong> We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li><strong>Team events.</strong> Participate in regular (virtual) team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><strong>Food &amp; drinks.</strong> We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><strong>Relocation assistance.</strong> If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li></ul><p><br /><strong>Our story:<br /><br /></strong>InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /><br />Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<br /><br />Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a<strong> Team Lead Software Engineering - Gaming? </strong>We look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible start date through our online application form.<strong> Isabella Dettlaff </strong>would be happy to answer any questions you may have.<br /><br />Apply and<strong> #stayhome! </strong>Due to the<strong> coronavirus </strong>outbreak, we switched our operations company-wide to home office and turned our hiring process into<strong> a fully virtual one. </strong>When hiring, we are also open for our new team members starting their work remotely at the time being or adjusting contract start dates accordingly. Stay home and safe!</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oBKdffwx/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/team-lead-software-engineering-gaming/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>