<h1>Unity Software Engineer - Core Team</h1>
<p><span>As a </span><strong><span>Unity Software Engineer</span></strong><span>, you will join our agile, cross-functional, and international development team: The CORE department’s purpose is to provide centralized tools and services for all game teams. As part of our team, you will drive the development of new features as well as maintain and improve the current code of our libraries and modules.</span></p><p><strong><br />Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li>Design libraries, modules, and tools for our games in C# for Unity</li><li>Develop native mobile code in Java for Android and Objective-C for iOS and guide best practices</li><li>Conceptualize APIs, tools, and workflows to optimize our interdisciplinary work</li><li>Collaborate closely with different departments (Games, Payment, Analytics)</li><li>Foster a culture of sharing knowledge, best practices and standards</li><li>Ensure high product quality by using automated tests</li><li>Identify issues, communicate it and bring up new solutions</li><li>Continuously refine and optimize our existing mobile apps</li></ul><strong><br />Your skill set:</strong><br /><ul><li><b>Unity specialist.</b> You are a professional expert using Unity/C#.</li><li><b>Native mobile development. </b>Ideally, you are working with native code on both platforms, iOS &amp; Android. At least, you are interested in getting into it.</li><li><b>Software craftsmanship. </b>Design patterns and the SOLID principles are part of your daily work as well as your drive to solve problems in a customer centric way.</li><li><b>Relevant job experiences. </b>You have been working in the gaming industry or in an agile software development environment for a minimum of five years. Your passion for game development is a plus.</li><li><b>Team fit. </b>You love to give &amp; take feedback. You are eager to share your technical knowledge and coach your peers meanwhile you are self-driven to learn and improve continuously</li><li><b>Excellent English skills. </b>You are open-minded and confident working in a multicultural environment while you are using your English skills every day.</li></ul><div><b>Bonus points:</b></div><ul><li><b>Something new, every day.</b> You are following &amp; reflecting on the latest Unity/iOS/Android features, and you are self-driven to learn &amp; improve continuously.</li><li><b>Full-Stack mindset. </b>You are not only well-versed in developing the mobile client but also knowledgeable about complex back-end infrastructure, working with CI-/CD-pipelines, e.g. based on Jenkins.</li><li><b>Shine on stage.</b> You are used to presenting your knowledge to a broader audience, and you like to represent your projects/your team at fairs &amp; conferences.</li></ul><p><strong><br />Your power-ups:<br /></strong></p><ul><li><b>Team of specialists. </b>Shape the success story of InnoGames and be a part of our international team of professionals in a stable growing company and award-winning employer.</li><li><b>Career opportunities.</b> Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring, and peer support.</li><li><b>Outstanding benefits. </b>Get competitive compensation as well as 28 vacation days, a sabbatical, mobile device, contribution to your public transport ticket, and more.</li><li><b>Flexible working hours.</b> We offer trust-based working hours and active-breaks - play table tennis with your team, work out in our gym or go to our rooftop terrace to get some fresh air.</li><li><b>Hybrid Working Model.<span> </span></b>We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we keep up our unique InnoGames spirit!</li><li><b>Solution orientation. </b>We are offering an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results.</li><li><b>Team events.</b> Participate in regular (virtual) team events (e.g., curling, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy regular company-get-togethers.</li><li><b>Food &amp; drinks.</b> We offer free drinks and fresh fruit to contribute to your health and well-being; enjoy the meals delivered by our in-house canteen or cook on your own in one of our employee kitchens.</li><li><b>Relocation assistance.</b> If you are interested in relocating to Hamburg/Germany, we will help you relocate to Hamburg/Germany regarding all the needed resources.</li><li><b>Comfy offices.</b> Learn more about our charms and benefits in our <a target="_blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag&amp;feature=youtu.be">virtual office tour</a>.</li></ul><strong><br />Our story:</strong><br /><p>InnoGames is Germany’s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games, an award-winning employer, and a climate neutral company based in Hamburg. Best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars, InnoGames’ complete portfolio encompasses nine live games and several mobile titles in production.</p><p>Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from 40+ nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.<span><br /><br /></span><span></span><span>Are you excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a </span><b>Unity Software Engineer</b><span>? </span><span>We look forward to receiving your application documents through our online application form. </span><b>Maximilian Kaeding</b><span> would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</span></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oeg6hfwB/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/unity-software-engineer-core-team/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>