<h1>Unity Developer - New Mobile Game</h1>
<p>As a <strong>Unity&nbsp;</strong><strong>Developer</strong>, you will be part of our agile, cross-functional and international development team. You will drive the development of new features as well as maintain and improve the current code of our new games.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Your mission:<br /></strong></p><ul><li>Conception and development of mobile apps for our games, based on C# and Unity3D</li><li>Continuous refinement and optimization of existing mobile apps</li><li>Conception of APIs, tools, and workflows to optimize the interdisciplinary work</li><li>Ensuring a high product quality, together with Quality Assurance</li><li>Foster a culture of sharing knowledge, best practices and standards</li></ul><strong><br />Your profile:</strong><br /><ul><li>Degree in computer science or business/ media information technology or relevant professional experience</li><li>At least 3 years of experience in using Unity or other 3D game engines like Unreal or CryEngine</li><li>Very good knowledge of object-oriented programming in C#</li><li>Professional experience in agile software development (e.g. SCRUM or Kanban)</li><li>Excellent understanding of software architecture, design, and test-driven development</li><li>Deep understanding of the mobile platforms and their performance optimization strategies</li><li>Profound experience of writing shaders using GLSL, HLSL or Cg</li><li>Experience in development of UI, audio, animation systems and good CPU and GPU optimization skills as a plus</li><li>Excellent English language skills</li><li>Willingness to continuously learn and improve</li><li>Flexible and an independent way of working</li><li>Passion for computer games and the games industry</li></ul><br /><p><strong>Why join us?<br /> </strong></p><ul><li>Shape the success story of InnoGames with a great team of driven experts in an international culture</li><li>Competitive compensation and an atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li>Exceptional benefits ranging from flawless relocation support to company gym, smartphone or tablet of your own choice for personal use, roof terrace with BBQ and much more</li></ul><p>&nbsp;</p><p>Would you like to become part of a dynamic team and work as a&nbsp;<strong>Unity Developer&nbsp;</strong>with us? Then we look forward to receiving your application as well as your salary expectations and earliest possible starting date through our online application form at innogames.com. Your contact person for this job offer is <strong>Maximilian Kaeding</strong>.<br /><br />InnoGames is Germany&rsquo;s leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games. The company based in Hamburg is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars. InnoGames&rsquo; first mobile title Warlords of Aternum is a fantasy turn-based strategy game. InnoGames&rsquo; complete portfolio encompasses seven live games and several mobile titles in production.<br /><br />Born as a hobby, InnoGames today has a team of 400 employees from more than 30 nations who share the passion of creating unique games that players across the globe enjoy for years. In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job//ogOD7fwy/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/unity-developer-new-mobile-game/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>