<h1>Working Student Game Analysis</h1>
<table><tbody><tr><td><h4><strong><span>Working Student Game Analysis</span></strong></h4><p>You are a passionate player of video games? You love to identify patterns in data, draft recommendations and are eager to see them put to action? As a<span> </span><strong>Working Student<span> </span></strong>in the<strong><span> </span>Game Analytics<span> </span></strong>team, you will be part of our mission to strategically improve and shape our game portfolio by utilizing data from millions of players.</p><p>The Game Analytics team is part of the Analytics department at InnoGames, which combines data enthusiasts from different backgrounds with one vision: we provide the whole data story of our games to enable the best data-driven decisions. With your passion, curiosity as well as analytical and communication skills, you help us on our journey towards this vision. Apply now!<br /><br /><strong>Your mission:</strong></p><ul><li><b>Acquire and retrieve data<span> </span></b>in order to document findings and insights</li><li><b>Create and communicate</b><span> </span>ad-hoc analyses</li><li><b>Support our team</b><span> </span>by consulting stakeholders in the market research</li><li><b>Find possible solutions</b><span> </span>for upcoming features</li></ul><p><strong>Your skill set:</strong></p><ul><li><b>Enrolled at University.<span> </span></b>You are currently enrolled in a study program with courses in economics, mathematics, empirical research or statistics</li><li><b>Business tools</b>. Knowledge of crunching data with Microsoft Excel</li><li><b>Analytical mindset.</b><span> </span>You enjoy processing data and are focused on details</li><li><b>Gaming affinity.<span> </span></b>You have a passion for games and different business models</li><li><b>Presentation skills.</b><span> </span>Creation of clear and precise presentations with highlighted main messages</li><li><b>Proactivity.</b><span> </span>Dedication and ability to work independently and with a practical approach</li><li><b>English first.</b><span> </span>You look forward to using your excellent English language skills and strong interpersonal communication skills on a daily basis</li></ul><p><strong>Your power-ups:</strong></p><ul><li><b>Team of specialists.</b><span> </span>Work and progress your career at one of the leading developers and publishers of mobile and online games in Germany and an award-winning employer</li><li><b>Career opportunities.<span> </span></b>Level up your career with excellent development opportunities such as InnoVersity trainings, mentoring and peer support in an international atmosphere</li><li><b>Solution orientation.<span> </span></b>We offer an exciting technical environment in a modern atmosphere to empower creative thinking and strong results</li><li><b>Hybrid Working Model</b>. We offer our colleagues the flexibility to choose between working from home and our modern offices in central Hamburg. With regular times planned together in the office, we make sure to keep up our unique InnoGames spirit</li><li><b>Outstanding benefits.</b><span> </span>Take advantage of our various opportunities to combine work and well-being: fresh fruit and free drinks, in-house gym, gaming area, roof terrace with BBQ, relaxing rooms, and much more</li><li><b>Team events.<span> </span></b>Participate in regular team events (e.g., wine tasting, cooking, paintball), barbecue together on our rooftop terrace, and enjoy our regular company-get-togethers</li><li><b>Comfy and modern offices.<span> </span></b>Learn more about our charms and benefits in our<span> </span><a target="_blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZR6GlDxRag">virtual office tour</a></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Our story:</strong></p><p><span>Hamburg-based InnoGames is Germany's leading developer and publisher of mobile and online games and a certified Great Place to Work®. The climate-neutral company, which is part of Modern Times Group (MTG), was established in 2007 and is still run by its founders. Together with a 400+ strong team from over 40 nations they create unique games that provide millions of players from around the world with years of fun.</span></p><p><span>While InnoGames is best known for Forge of Empires, Elvenar and Tribal Wars, the company is continuously expanding its portfolio across genres and platforms. The most recent additions are Rise of Cultures and Sunrise Village, which saw successful commercial launches in early 2022. </span></p><p><span>In order to further expand our success and to realize new projects, we are constantly looking for young talents, experienced professionals, and creative thinkers.</span></p><p>Excited to start your journey with InnoGames and join our dynamic team as a Working Student Game Analysis? We look forward to receiving your application (Cover letter, CV and university certificate) and your salary expectations through our online application form. <strong>Hannah</strong> <strong>Gutjahr</strong> and <strong>Katerina Vlacha</strong><strong> </strong>would be happy to answer any questions you may have.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>

<h2><a href="https://jobs.jobvite.com/careers/innogames/job/oRPJkfwt/apply?__jvst=Job+Board&__jvsd=github_jobs_repo">Apply Now</a> directly or get more <a href="https://www.innogames.com/career/detail/job/working-student-game-analysis/?s=github_jobs_repo">Information</a> about InnoGames</h2>